THE STATUTES OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE


                     CIVIL LAW ACT 1909




                          2020 REVISED EDITION

           This revised edition incorporates all amendments up to and
  including 1 December 2021 and comes into operation on 31 December 2021.




                          Prepared and Published by
                    THE LAW REVISION COMMISSION
                       UNDER THE AUTHORITY OF
               THE REVISED EDITION OF THE LAWS ACT 1983



    Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                                                          2020 Ed.



                  Civil Law Act 1909
                      ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS
Section
    1.    Short title
    2.    Interpretation
    3.    Law and equity to be administered concurrently
    4.    Administration of insolvent estates, and winding up of
          companies. Bankruptcy rules to prevail
   5.     Agreement by way of gaming or wagering to be null and void
   5A.    Abolition of tort of maintenance and champerty
   5B.    Validity of certain contracts for funding of claims
   6.     Contracts which must be evidenced in writing
   7.     Trusts respecting immovable property and disposition of
          equitable interest
   8.     Abolition of rule in Bain v Fothergill
   9.     Continuity of contracts on European Economic and Monetary
          Union
  10.     Effect of death on certain causes of action
  11.     Abolition of right to damages for loss of expectation of life
  12.     Power of courts of record to award interest on debts and damages
  13.     Charges and mortgages over choses in action
  14.     Abolition of husband’s liability for wife’s torts and antenuptial
          contracts, debts and obligations
  15.     Entitlement to contribution
  16.     Assessment of contribution
  17.     Proceedings against persons jointly liable for same debt or
          damage
  18.     Successive actions against liability (jointly or otherwise) for
          same damage
  19.     Interpretation and application of sections 15, 16, 17 and 18
  20.     Right of action for wrongful act causing death
  21.     Bereavement
  22.     Assessment of damages
  23.     Appointments to be valid notwithstanding one or more objects
          excluded, or only take an unsubstantial share
  24.     Executor deemed to be trustee for person entitled to residue on
          intestacy

                                        1


          Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                     Civil Law Act 1909                               2
Section
  25.      Executor of executor represents original testator
  26.      Devisee of land not to claim payment of mortgage debt out of
           movable property
   27.     Bona vacantia, etc.
   28.     No person chargeable with rent bona fide paid to holder under
           defective title
   29.     Rules to apply to State Courts
   30.     Presumption of survivorship in regard to claim to property
   31.     Accumulation of income
   32.     Fixed perpetuity period of 100 years
   33.     Powers of appointment
   34.     Necessity to wait and see
   35.     Contracts of minors who have attained 18 years of age
   36.     Legal proceedings and actions by minors who have attained
           18 years of age
   37.     Standard of care for medical advice
           The Schedule — Legal proceedings and actions to which
                             section 36 applies


An Act to consolidate certain provisions of the civil law.
                                                              [23 July 1909]

Short title
 1. This Act is the Civil Law Act 1909.

Interpretation
 2. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —
      “court” means the General Division of the High Court;
      “executor” means the executor or administrator of a deceased
         person, and includes, as regards any obligation, any person
         who takes possession of or intermeddles with the property of
         a deceased person;
      “will” includes a codicil.
                                                                       [40/2019]




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
3                          Civil Law Act 1909                           2020 Ed.

Law and equity to be administered concurrently
 3. In every civil cause or matter commenced in the court, law and
equity shall be administered by the court in its original jurisdiction
and by the Appellate Division of the High Court or the Court of
Appeal according to the rules following:

Claimants to have equitable relief in claims
      (a) if any claimant claims to be entitled to any equitable estate
          or right, or to relief upon any equitable ground against any
          deed, instrument or contract, or against any right, title or
          claim whatsoever asserted by any defendant in such cause
          or matter, or to any relief founded upon a legal right, which
          before 1 January 1879 could only have been given by the
          court on its equity side, the court shall give to such
          claimant such and the same relief, as ought to have been
          given by the court, on its equity side, in a suit or proceeding
          for the same, or the like purpose, properly instituted before
          that date;
                                                  [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]

Defendants the same in defences
      (b) if any defendant claims to be entitled to any equitable
          estate or right, or to relief upon any equitable ground
          against any deed, instrument or contract, or against any
          right, title or claim asserted by any claimant in such cause
          or matter, or alleges any ground of equitable defence to any
          claim of the claimant in such cause or matter, the court
          shall give to every equitable estate, right or ground of relief
          so claimed, and to every equitable defence so alleged, such
          and the same effect, by way of defence against the claim of
          such claimant, as the court on its equity side ought to have
          given, if the same or the like matters had been relied on by
          way of defence, in any suit or proceeding instituted in the
          court on its equity side, for the same or the like purpose,
          before 1 January 1879;
                                                  [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                       Civil Law Act 1909                                  4
Defendants to have relief against claimants in suit, service and
effect of service
           (c) the court may also grant to any defendant, in respect of any
               equitable estate or right, or other matter of equity, and also
               in respect of any legal estate, right or title claimed or
               asserted by him, all such relief against any claimant, as
               such defendant shall have properly claimed by his
               pleading, and as the court might have granted in any suit
               instituted for that purpose, by the same defendant against
               the same claimant before 1 January 1879 and also all such
               relief, relating to or connected with the original subject of
               the cause or matter, and in like manner claimed against any
               other person, whether already a party to the same cause or
               matter or not, who has been duly served with notice in
               writing of such claim, pursuant to the Rules of Court, as
               might properly have been granted against such person, if
               he had been made a defendant to a cause, duly instituted by
               the same defendant for the like purpose; and every person
               served with any such notice shall thenceforth be deemed a
               party to such cause or matter, with the same rights, in
               respect of his defence against such claim, as if he had been
               duly sued in the ordinary way by such defendant;
                                                      [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]

Equitable rights appearing incidentally
       (d) the court shall recognise and take notice of all equitable
           estates, titles and rights, and all equitable duties and
           liabilities, appearing incidentally in the course of any cause
           or matter, in the same manner in which the court on its
           equity side would have recognised and taken notice of the
           same, in any suit or proceeding duly instituted therein
           before 1 January 1879;

Suits not to be restrained by prohibition or injunction
           (e) no cause or proceeding at any time pending in the court in
               its original jurisdiction or in the Appellate Division of the
               High Court or the Court of Appeal, shall be restrained by
               prohibition or injunction; but every matter of equity on

             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
5                         Civil Law Act 1909                        2020 Ed.

          which an injunction against the prosecution of any such
          cause or proceeding might have been obtained if the Civil
          Law Ordinance 1878 (IV/1878) had not been passed, either
          unconditionally or on any terms or conditions, may be
          relied on by way of defence thereto;

Court may grant stay of proceedings in a summary way
      (f) nothing in this Act shall disable the court from directing a
          stay of proceedings in any cause or matter pending before
          it, if it thinks fit; and any person, whether a party or not to
          any such cause or matter, who would have been entitled if
          the Civil Law Ordinance 1878 had not been passed, to
          apply to the court to restrain the prosecution thereof, or
          who may be entitled to enforce, by attachment or
          otherwise, any judgment, decree, rule or order, contrary
          to which all or any part of the proceedings in such cause or
          matter may have been taken, may apply to the court, by
          summons in a summary way, for a stay of proceedings in
          such cause or matter, either generally, or so far as is
          necessary for the purpose of justice; and the court shall
          thereupon make such order as is just;

Subject as above, court to give effect to claims at law, and by
custom or statute
      (g) subject to the aforesaid provisions for giving effect to
          equitable rights and other matters of equity in the manner
          aforesaid, the said court shall recognise and give effect to
          all legal claims and demands, and all estates, titles, rights,
          duties, obligations and liabilities by the common law or by
          any custom, or created by any law having force in
          Singapore, in the same manner as the same would have
          been recognised and given effect to if this Act had not been
          passed;




        Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                     Civil Law Act 1909                               6
Court to grant all such remedies as any of the parties are entitled
to in respect of every legal and equitable claim to avoid
multiplicity
       (h) the court in the exercise of its original jurisdiction and the
           Appellate Division of the High Court or the Court of
           Appeal, in every cause or matter pending before it, shall
           grant, either absolutely or on such reasonable terms and
           conditions as to it seems just, all such remedies whatsoever
           as any of the parties thereto appear to be entitled to, in
           respect of any and every legal or equitable claim properly
           brought forward by them respectively in such cause or
           matter; so that, as far as possible, all matters so in
           controversy between the said parties respectively may be
           completely and finally determined, and all multiplicity of
           legal proceedings concerning any of such matters avoided.
                                                              [42/2005; 40/2019]

Administration of insolvent estates, and winding up of
companies. Bankruptcy rules to prevail
 4.—(1) In the administration by any court of the assets of any
deceased person whose estate proves to be insufficient for the
payment in full of his debts and liabilities, and in the winding up of
any company under the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018 whose assets prove to be insufficient for the payment of its
debts and liabilities and the costs of winding up, the same rules shall
prevail and be observed as to the respective rights of secured and
unsecured creditors, and as to debts and liabilities provable, and as to
the valuation of annuities and future and contingent liabilities
respectively, as are in force for the time being under the law of
bankruptcy with respect to the estates of persons adjudged bankrupt.
                                                                       [40/2018]

Creditors may come in under decree, or winding up
 (2) All persons who, in any such case, would be entitled to prove for
and receive dividends out of the estate of any such deceased person,
or out of the assets of any such company, may come in under the
decree or order for the administration of such estate, or under the



           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
7                          Civil Law Act 1909                        2020 Ed.

winding up of such company, and make such claims against the same
as they may respectively be entitled to by virtue of this Act.

Voluntary waste
  (3) A tenant for life or lives or a leasehold tenant shall not commit
voluntary waste; but this subsection shall not apply to any estate or
tenancy without impeachment of waste, or affect any licence or other
right to commit waste.
  (4) A tenant who infringes subsection (3) shall be liable in damages
to his remainderman or reversioner; and in subsection (3), “leasehold
tenant” includes a tenant for a term, a tenant under a periodical
tenancy and a tenant at will.

Estate for life when not to confer right of equitable waste
  (5) An estate for life without impeachment of waste shall not
confer, or be deemed to have conferred, upon the tenant for life any
legal right to commit waste of the description known as equitable
waste, unless an intention to confer such right expressly appears by
the instrument creating such estate.

Merger when not to operate
 (6) There shall not be any merger by operation of law only of any
estate the beneficial interest in which would not before 23 July 1909
have been deemed to be merged or extinguished in equity.

Suits for possession of immovable property by mortgagors
  (7) A mortgagor entitled for the time being to the possession or
receipt of the rents and profits of any immovable property, as to which
no notice of his intention to take possession, or to enter into the
receipt of the rents and profits thereof, has been given by the
mortgagee, may sue for such possession or for the recovery of such
rents or profits or to prevent or recover damages in respect of any
trespass or other wrong relative thereto in his own name only, unless
the cause of action arises upon a lease or other contract made by him
jointly with any other person.




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                     Civil Law Act 1909                               8
Assignment of debts and choses in action effectual to pass right
and remedy
  (8) Any absolute assignment by writing under the hand of the
assignor, not purporting to be by way of charge only, of any debt or
other legal chose in action of which express notice in writing has been
given to the debtor, trustee or other person from whom the assignor
would have been entitled to receive or claim such debt or chose in
action, shall be and be deemed to have been effectual in law, subject
to all equities which would have been entitled to priority over the
right of the assignee under the law as it existed before 23 July 1909, to
pass and transfer the legal right to such debt or chose in action, from
the date of such notice, and all legal and other remedies for the same,
and the power to give a good discharge for the same, without the
concurrence of the assignor.

Stipulations not of essence of contracts to be construed as in
equity
 (9) Stipulations in contracts, as to time or otherwise, which would
not, before 23 July 1909, have been deemed to be or to have become
of the essence of such contracts in a court of equity, shall receive in all
cases the same construction and effect as they would have received in
equity before that date.

Injunctions and receivers granted or appointed by interlocutory
orders
 (10) A Mandatory Order or an injunction may be granted or a
receiver appointed by an interlocutory order of the court, either
unconditionally or upon such terms and conditions as the court thinks
just, in all cases in which it appears to the court to be just or
convenient that such order should be made.
                                                                       [42/2005]

Interim relief in aid of foreign proceedings
 (10A) Subject to subsections (10B), (10C) and (10D), a court has
the power to grant interim relief in aid of proceedings in any civil or
commercial matter (excluding proceedings arising out of any fiscal,
monetary or revenue law or measure) which have been or are to be


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
9                          Civil Law Act 1909                           2020 Ed.

commenced outside Singapore, if it appears to the court to be just or
convenient that such order should be made.
                                                  [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]

 (10B) An order under subsection (10A) may be made either
unconditionally or upon such terms and conditions as the court
thinks just.
                                                  [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]

 (10C) The court may refuse to make an order under subsection
(10A) if —
      (a) in the opinion of the court, the fact that the court has no
          jurisdiction apart from subsection (10A) in relation to the
          subject matter of the proceedings in question makes it
          inappropriate for the court to make the order; or
      (b) the proceedings concerned are not capable of giving rise to
          a judgment which may be enforced in Singapore.
                                                  [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]

 (10D) In subsection (10A), “interim relief”, in relation to the court
before which an application is brought, means interim relief of any
kind which that court has power to grant in proceedings relating to
matters within its jurisdiction, other than —
      (a) a warrant for the arrest of property; or
      (b) provision for obtaining evidence.
                                                  [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]

Terms. To prevent waste, etc., when granted
 (11) If an injunction is asked, either before, or at, or after the
hearing of any cause or matter, to prevent any threatened or
apprehended waste or trespass, the injunction may be granted if the
court thinks fit whether the person against whom the injunction is
sought is or is not in possession under any claim of title or otherwise,
or, if out of possession, does or does not claim, a right to do the act
sought to be restrained under any colour of title, and whether the
estates claimed by both, or by either of the parties, are legal or
equitable.




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                     Civil Law Act 1909                                10
Custody and education of minors
 (12) In questions relating to the custody and education of minors,
the rules of equity shall prevail.
                                                                          [7/2009]

Cases of conflict not enumerated, equity to prevail
 (13) Generally in all matters not particularly mentioned in this
section, in which there is any conflict or variance between the rules of
equity and the rules of the common law with reference to the same
matter, the rules of equity shall prevail.

Agreement by way of gaming or wagering to be null and void
 5.—(1) All contracts or agreements, whether by parol or in writing,
by way of gaming or wagering shall be null and void.
 (2) No action shall be brought or maintained in the court for
recovering any sum of money or valuable thing alleged to be won
upon any wager or which has been deposited in the hands of any
person to abide the event on which any wager has been made.
 (3) Subsections (1) and (2) shall not be deemed to apply to any
subscription or contribution, or agreement to subscribe or contribute,
for or toward any plate, prize or sum of money to be awarded to the
winner or winners of any lawful game, sport, pastime or exercise.
 (3A) Subsections (1) and (2) shall not apply to —
       (a) a contract for gaming that is conducted under the control or
           supervision of a person or an organisation that is exempted
           under section 24 of the repealed Common Gaming Houses
           Act 1961 from the provisions of that Act in respect of such
           gaming;
                                                    [Act 15 of 2022 wef 01/08/2022]

       (b) a contract for betting that is held, promoted, organised,
           administered or operated by a person or an organisation
           that is exempted under section 22 of the repealed Betting
           Act 1960 from the provisions of that Act in respect of such
           betting, only if the betting takes place under the control or
           supervision of that person or organisation;
                                                    [Act 15 of 2022 wef 01/08/2022]



           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
11                         Civil Law Act 1909                           2020 Ed.

     (ba) a contract by way of gaming, wagering or betting using
          remote communication that is conducted, promoted,
          organised or administered by —
             (i) an exempt operator within the meaning of the
                 repealed Remote Gambling Act 2014; or
                                                  [Act 15 of 2022 wef 01/08/2022]

            (ii) a person that is exempted under section 40 of that Act
                 from section 10 or 11 of that Act;
      (c) a contract for betting that takes place on a totalisator
          conducted by or on behalf of the Singapore Totalisator
          Board or a turf club in accordance with an approved
          scheme;
                                                  [Act 15 of 2022 wef 01/08/2022]

      (d) a contract to participate in a private lottery promoted or
          conducted by the holder of a permit granted under section 8
          of the repealed Private Lotteries Act 2011; and
                                                      [10/2006; 7/2011; 34/2014]
                                                  [Act 15 of 2022 wef 01/08/2022]

      (e) a contract by way of gaming, wagering or betting that is
          conducted, promoted, organised or administered by —
             (i) a licensee or class licensee within the meaning of the
                 Gambling Control Act 2022;
            (ii) a person mentioned in section 18(1)(d) or (f) of the
                 Gambling Control Act 2022 in the circumstances
                 described in that section; or
           (iii) a person who is exempted under section 128 of the
                 Gambling Control Act 2022 from section 18 of that
                 Act.
                                                  [Act 15 of 2022 wef 01/08/2022]

 (3B) In the case of a person or an organisation exempted under
section 24 of the repealed Common Gaming Houses Act 1961 in
respect of any gaming conducted for or on behalf of another person or
organisation, subsection (3A)(a) applies only if the contract is for




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                     Civil Law Act 1909                                12
gaming conducted by that person or organisation for or on behalf of
that other person or organisation.
                                                                         [10/2006]
                                                    [Act 15 of 2022 wef 01/08/2022]

 (3C) Subsection (3A)(a) shall not apply to any gaming conducted
in premises owned or used by a private body exempted under the
repealed Common Gaming Houses Act 1961.
                                                                         [10/2006]
                                                    [Act 15 of 2022 wef 01/08/2022]

 (3D) In the case of a person or an organisation exempted under
section 22 of the repealed Betting Act 1960 in respect of any betting
held, promoted, organised, administered or operated for or on behalf
of another person or organisation, subsection (3A)(b) applies only if
the contract is for betting held, promoted, organised, administered or
operated by that person or organisation for or on behalf of that other
person or organisation.
                                                                         [10/2006]
                                                    [Act 15 of 2022 wef 01/08/2022]

 (3DA) In the case of an exempt operator or person exempted under
section 40 of the repealed Remote Gambling Act 2014 in respect of
any gaming, wagering or betting conducted, promoted, organised or
administered for or on behalf of another person or organisation,
subsection (3A)(ba) applies only if the contract is for betting
conducted, promoted, organised or administered by that person or
organisation for or on behalf of that other person or organisation.
                                                                         [34/2014]
                                                    [Act 15 of 2022 wef 01/08/2022]

 (3E) In subsection (3A) —
      “contract” excludes a contract for or which involves —
              (a) the lending of any money or other valuable thing for
                  such gaming or wagering;
              (b) the extension of any form of credit for such gaming or
                  wagering; or
              (c) the giving of security in respect of the act referred to
                  in paragraph (a) or (b);



           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
13                         Civil Law Act 1909                           2020 Ed.

     “private body” has the same meaning as in any notification made
        under the repealed Common Gaming Houses Act 1961 which
        exempts gaming conducted in premises owned or used by a
        private body;
                                                  [Act 15 of 2022 wef 01/08/2022]

     “private lottery” has the same meaning as in the repealed Private
        Lotteries Act 2011;
                                                  [Act 15 of 2022 wef 01/08/2022]

     “totalisator”, “Singapore Totalisator Board”, “turf club” and
        “approved scheme” have the same meanings as in the
        Singapore Totalisator Board Act 1987.
                                                               [10/2006; 7/2011]

 (4) For the avoidance of doubt, this section shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of any contract or agreement entered into by
either or each party by way of business and the making or
performance of which by any party constitutes an investment activity.
 (5) For the purposes of subsection (4), “investment activity” means
any of the following activities:
      (a) a transaction in relation to a contract or an option for the
          future delivery of any securities, commodity, currency or
          financial instrument, whether or not there is any intention
          of actual delivery of such securities, commodity, currency
          or financial instrument;
      (b) a transaction in relation to a contract or an option which is
          entered into with the intention of settlement of differences
          in the prices or values of any securities, commodity,
          currency or financial instrument, whether or not there is
          any intention of actual delivery of such securities,
          commodity, currency or financial instrument;
      (c) a transaction involving the exchange or grant of an option
          for the exchange of any securities, commodity, currency or
          financial instrument;
      (d) a transaction in securities, commodity, currency or
          financial instrument;


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                       Civil Law Act 1909                             14
           (e) a transaction involving the grant of a right or an option
               relating to an obligation to pay interest or the exchange or
               grant of an option for the exchange of obligations to pay
               interest;
           (f) a transaction in relation to a contract or an option to pay the
               difference between a pre-agreed interest rate and the rate
               prevailing as at specified intervals;
       (g) a transaction in relation to any securities, futures contract
           or derivative which is listed or traded on any stock
           exchange, futures exchange or commodities exchange in
           any country outside Singapore;
       (h) a transaction in relation to any other derivative including
           but not limited to any swap, cap, collar, floor and any
           combination thereof;
           (i) such other activity as the Minister may by notification
               prescribe.

Promises to repay sums paid under such contracts to be null and
void
 (6) Any promise, express or implied, to pay any person any sum of
money paid by him under or in respect of any contract or agreement
rendered null and void by subsections (1) and (2), or to pay any sum
of money by way of commission, fee, reward or otherwise in respect
of any such contract or of any services in relation thereto or in
connection therewith, shall be null and void, and no action shall be
brought or maintained to recover any such sum of money.

Abolition of tort of maintenance and champerty
 5A.—(1) It is declared that no person is, under the law of
Singapore, liable in tort for any conduct on account of its being
maintenance or champerty as known to the common law.
                                                                         [2/2017]

  (2) Subject to section 5B, the abolition of civil liability under the
law of Singapore for maintenance and champerty does not affect any




             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
15                         Civil Law Act 1909                        2020 Ed.

rule of that law as to the cases in which a contract is to be treated as
contrary to public policy or otherwise illegal.
                                                                     [2/2017]

Validity of certain contracts for funding of claims
 5B.—(1) This section applies only in relation to prescribed dispute
resolution proceedings.
                                                                     [2/2017]

  (2) A contract under which a qualifying Third‑Party Funder
provides funds to any party for the purpose of funding all or part
of the costs of that party in prescribed dispute resolution proceedings
is not contrary to public policy or otherwise illegal by reason that it is
a contract for maintenance or champerty.
                                                                     [2/2017]

 (3) Every qualifying Third‑Party Funder and funded party must, in
relation to a third‑party funding contract, comply with and ensure that
such requirements as may be prescribed under subsection (8) are
complied with.
                                                                     [2/2017]

 (4) Where a Third‑Party Funder —
      (a) ceases to be a qualifying Third‑Party Funder; or
      (b) fails to comply with any prescribed requirement mentioned
          in subsection (3),
the rights of the Third‑Party Funder under or arising out of the
third‑party funding contract affected by or connected with the
disqualification or non‑compliance are not enforceable by action or
other legal proceedings, including arbitration proceedings.
                                                                     [2/2017]

 (5) A Third‑Party Funder may apply to the court or arbitral tribunal
for relief against the disability imposed by subsection (4).
                                                                     [2/2017]

 (6) The court or arbitral tribunal, on being satisfied —
      (a) that the disqualification or non‑compliance was accidental
          or due to inadvertence or some other sufficient cause; or
      (b) that on other grounds it is just and equitable to grant relief,


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                       Civil Law Act 1909                             16
may grant such relief either generally, or as respects any third‑party
funding contract, on such conditions (if any) as the court or arbitral
tribunal may impose, including (but not limited to) a condition that
the costs of the application be paid by the Third‑Party Funder.
                                                                         [2/2017]

 (7) Subsection (4) does not prejudice the rights of any other party as
against the Third‑Party Funder in respect of a third‑party funding
contract.
                                                                         [2/2017]

 (8) The Minister may make regulations necessary or convenient to
be prescribed for carrying out or giving effect to this section,
including —
       (a) prescribing the qualifications and other requirements that a
           Third‑Party Funder must satisfy or comply with to be a
           qualifying Third‑Party Funder;
       (b) prescribing the class or classes or description of dispute
           resolution proceedings to which this section applies; and
           (c) governing the provision and manner of third‑party funding
               including the requirements that the Third‑Party Funder and
               the funded party must comply with.
                                                                         [2/2017]

 (9) Any addition, deletion or other variation to the qualifications
and other requirements of a Third‑Party Funder or the class or classes
or description of dispute resolution proceedings prescribed under
subsection (8) does not affect any contract which was entered into
before the date of commencement of that addition, deletion or
variation.
                                                                         [2/2017]

 (10) In this section, unless the context otherwise requires —
      “arbitral tribunal” or “court” means any arbitral tribunal or court
         before which proceedings to enforce a right referred to in
         subsection (4) are commenced or before which an issue
         relating to subsection (4) arises;
      “dispute resolution proceedings” means the entire process of
         resolving or attempting to resolve a dispute between 2 or


             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
17                         Civil Law Act 1909                        2020 Ed.

        more parties and includes any civil, mediation, conciliation,
        arbitration or insolvency proceedings;
     “funded party” means a party to dispute resolution proceedings
        who enters into an agreement with a Third‑Party Funder for
        the funding of all or part of the costs of the proceedings and
        includes a liquidator or judicial manager;
     “qualifying Third‑Party Funder” means a Third‑Party Funder
        who satisfies and continues to satisfy such qualifications and
        other requirements as may be prescribed;
     “Third‑Party Funder” means a person who carries on the
       business of funding all or part of the costs of dispute
       resolution proceedings to which the person is not a party;
     “third‑party funding contract” means a contract or agreement by
        a party or potential party to dispute resolution proceedings
        with a Third‑Party Funder for the funding of all or part of the
        costs of the proceedings in return for a share or other interest
        in the proceeds or potential proceeds of the proceedings to
        which the party or potential party may become entitled.
                                                                     [2/2017]

Contracts which must be evidenced in writing
 6. No action shall be brought against —
      (a) any executor or administrator upon any special promise to
          answer damages out of his own estate;
      (b) any defendant upon any special promise to answer for the
          debt, default or miscarriage of another person;
      (c) any person upon any agreement made upon consideration
          of marriage;
      (d) any person upon any contract for the sale or other
          disposition of immovable property, or any interest in
          such property; or
      (e) any person upon any agreement that is not to be performed
          within the space of one year from the making thereof,



         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                     Civil Law Act 1909                        18
unless the promise or agreement upon which such action is brought,
or some memorandum or note thereof, is in writing and signed by the
party to be charged therewith or some other person lawfully
authorised by him.

Trusts respecting immovable property and disposition of
equitable interest
 7.—(1) A declaration of trust respecting any immovable property
or any interest in such property must be manifested and proved by
some writing signed by some person who is able to declare such trust
or by his will.
  (2) A disposition of an equitable interest or trust subsisting at the
time of the disposition must be in writing signed by the person
disposing of the same or by his agent lawfully authorised in writing or
by will.
 (3) This section does not affect the creation or operation of
resulting, implied or constructive trusts.

Abolition of rule in Bain v Fothergill
 8. The rule of law known as the rule in Bain v Fothergill is
abolished in relation to contracts made on or after 1 January 1999.

Continuity of contracts on European Economic and Monetary
Union
 9.—(1) It is declared for the avoidance of doubt that —
       (a) if a subject or medium of payment of a contract,
           agreement, deed, security or other instrument is a
           currency that has been substituted or replaced by the
           euro, the euro shall be a commercially reasonable
           substitute and substantial equivalent that may be —
               (i) used in determining the value of such currency; or
              (ii) tendered, in each case at the conversion rate
                   specified in, and otherwise calculated in
                   accordance with, the applicable regulations adopted
                   by the Council of the EU;


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
19                         Civil Law Act 1909                        2020 Ed.

      (b) if a subject or medium of payment of a contract,
          agreement, deed, security or instrument is the Ecu, the
          euro shall be a commercially reasonable substitute and
          substantial equivalent that may be —
             (i) used in determining the value of the Ecu; or
            (ii) tendered, in each case at the conversion rate
                 specified in, and otherwise calculated in
                 accordance with, the applicable regulations adopted
                 by the Council of the EU.
  (2) It is declared for the avoidance of doubt that to the extent the
performance of any of the obligations set out in subsection (1) may,
apart from the introduction of the euro, be made in the currency or
currencies originally designated in such contract, agreement, deed,
security or other instrument, such performance may be made in such
currency or currencies (so long as such currency or currencies remain
legal tender) or in euro, but not in any other currency, whether or not
such other currency —
      (a) has been substituted or replaced by the euro; or
      (b) is a currency that is considered a denomination of the euro
          and has a fixed conversion rate with respect to the euro.
  (3) It is declared for the avoidance of doubt that none of the
following events shall have the effect of discharging or excusing
performance under any contract, agreement, deed, security or
instrument, or give a party the right to unilaterally alter or
terminate any contract, agreement, deed, security or instrument:
      (a) the introduction of the euro;
      (b) the tendering of euros in connection with any obligation in
          compliance with paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (1);
      (c) the determining of the value of any obligation in
          compliance with paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (1);
      (d) the calculating or determining of the subject or medium of
          payment of a contract, agreement, deed, security or
          instrument with reference to interest rate or other basis
          that has been substituted or replaced due to the introduction


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                       Civil Law Act 1909                        20
               of the euro and that is a reasonable substitute and
               substantial equivalent.
 (4) The provisions of this section shall be subject to any agreement
between parties with specific reference to or agreement regarding the
introduction of the euro.
 (5) Nothing in this section shall be construed so as to affect the
validity or enforceability of any contract, agreement, deed, security or
other instrument denominated in whole or in part in a currency
affected by alteration in circumstances other than the introduction of
the euro.
 (6) For the purposes of this section —
       (a) “euro” means the currency of participating member states
           of the EU that adopt a single currency in accordance with
           the treaty on EU signed on 7 February 1992;
       (b) “introduction of the euro” means the implementation from
           time to time of economic and monetary union in member
           states of the EU in accordance with the treaty on EU signed
           on 7 February 1992;
           (c) “EU” means the European Union;
       (d) “Ecu” or “European Currency Unit” means the currency
           basket that is from time to time used as the unit of account
           of the European Community as defined in European
           Council Regulation No. 3320/94;
           (e) when the euro first becomes the monetary unit of
               participating member states of the EU, references to the
               Ecu in a contract, agreement, deed, security or other
               instrument that also refers to such definition of the Ecu
               shall be replaced by references to the euro at a rate of one
               euro to one Ecu; and
           (f) references to the Ecu in a contract, agreement, deed,
               security or other instrument without such a definition of the
               Ecu shall be presumed, unless it is shown that the parties
               intended otherwise, to be references to the currency basket



             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
21                         Civil Law Act 1909                        2020 Ed.

          that is from time to time used as the unit of account of the
          European Community.

Effect of death on certain causes of action
 10.—(1) Subject to this section, on the death of any person, all
causes of action subsisting against or vested in him shall survive
against, or, as the case may be, for the benefit of his estate.
 (2) Subsection (1) shall not apply to causes of action for defamation
or seduction or for inducing one spouse to leave or remain apart from
the other or to any claim for damages on the ground of adultery.
 (3) Where a cause of action survives as specified under
subsection (1) for the benefit of the estate of a deceased person,
the damages recoverable for the benefit of the estate of that person —
      (a) shall not include —
             (i) any exemplary damages; and
            (ii) any damages for loss of income in respect of any
                 period after that person’s death;
      (b) in the case of a breach of promise to marry shall be limited
          to such damage, if any, to the estate of that person as flows
          from the breach of promise to marry;
      (c) where the death of that person has been caused by the act or
          omission which gives rise to the cause of action, shall be
          calculated without reference to any loss or gain to his estate
          consequent on his death except that a sum in respect of
          funeral expenses may be included.
  (4) Where damage has been suffered by reason of any act or
omission in respect of which a cause of action would have subsisted
against any person if that person had not died before or at the same
time as the damage was suffered, there shall be deemed, for the
purposes of this section, to have been subsisting against him before
his death such cause of action in respect of that act or omission as
would have subsisted if he had died after the damage was suffered.
 (5) The rights conferred by this section for the benefit of the estates
of deceased persons shall be in addition to and not in derogation of


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                     Civil Law Act 1909                         22
any rights conferred on the dependants of deceased persons by
section 20 and so much of this section as relates to causes of action
against the estates of deceased persons shall apply in relation to
causes of action under that section as applies in relation to other
causes of action not expressly excepted from the operation of
subsection (1).
 (6) In the event of the insolvency of an estate against which
proceedings are maintainable by virtue of this section, any liability in
respect of the cause of action in respect of which the proceedings are
maintainable shall be deemed to be a debt provable in the
administration of the estate, notwithstanding that it is a demand in
the nature of unliquidated damages arising otherwise than by a
contract, promise or breach of trust.

Abolition of right to damages for loss of expectation of life
  11.—(1) In any action for damages for personal injuries, no
damages shall be recoverable in respect of any loss of expectation
of life caused to the injured person by the injuries, except that if the
injured person’s expectation of life has been reduced by the injuries,
the court, in assessing damages in respect of pain and suffering
caused by the injuries, shall take into account any suffering caused or
likely to be caused to him by awareness that his expectation of life has
been so reduced.
 (2) In subsection (1), any reference to damages in respect of loss of
expectation of life does not include damages in respect of loss of
income.

Power of courts of record to award interest on debts and
damages
 12.—(1) In any proceedings tried in any court of record for the
recovery of any debt or damages, the court may, if it thinks fit, order
that there shall be included in the sum for which judgment is given
interest at such rate as it thinks fit on the whole or any part of the debt
or damages for the whole or any part of the period between the date
when the cause of action arose and the date of the judgment.




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
23                         Civil Law Act 1909                        2020 Ed.

 (2) Nothing in this section —
      (a) shall authorise the giving of interest upon interest;
      (b) shall apply in relation to any debt upon which interest is
          payable as of right whether by virtue of any agreement or
          otherwise; or
      (c) shall affect the damages recoverable for the dishonour of a
          bill of exchange.

Charges and mortgages over choses in action
  13. For the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby declared that a person
(the first person) is able to create, and always has been able to create,
in favour of another person (the second person) a legal or equitable
charge or mortgage over all or any of the first person’s interest in a
chose in action enforceable by the first person against the second
person, and any charge or mortgage so created shall operate neither to
merge the interest thereby created with, nor to extinguish or release,
that chose in action.

Abolition of husband’s liability for wife’s torts and antenuptial
contracts, debts and obligations
 14.—(1) Subject to this section, the husband of a married woman
shall not, by reason only of his being her husband, be liable —
      (a) in respect of any tort committed by her whether before or
          after the marriage, or in respect of any contract entered
          into, or debt or obligation incurred, by her before the
          marriage; or
      (b) to be sued or made a party to any legal proceedings brought
          in respect of any such tort, contract, debt or obligation.
 (2) For the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby declared that nothing in
this section —
      (a) renders the husband of a married woman liable in respect
          of any contract entered into, or debt or obligation incurred,
          by her after the marriage in respect of which he would not
          have been liable if this section had not been enacted;


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                       Civil Law Act 1909                        24
       (b) exempts the husband of a married woman from liability in
           respect of any contract entered into, or debt or obligation
           (not being a debt or obligation arising out of the
           commission of a tort) incurred, by her after the marriage
           in respect of which he would have been liable if this section
           had not been enacted;
           (c) prevents a husband and wife from acquiring, holding and
               disposing of, any property jointly or as tenants in common,
               or from rendering themselves or being rendered jointly
               liable in respect of any tort, contract, debt or obligation,
               and of suing and being sued either in tort or in contract or
               otherwise, in the like manner as if they were not married;
       (d) prevents the exercise of any joint power given to a husband
           and wife.

Entitlement to contribution
 15.—(1) Subject to subsections (2) to (5), any person liable in
respect of any damage suffered by another person may recover
contribution from any other person liable in respect of the same
damage (whether jointly with him or otherwise).
 (2) A person shall be entitled to recover contribution by virtue of
subsection (1) notwithstanding that he has ceased to be liable in
respect of the damage in question since the time when the damage
occurred, provided that he was so liable immediately before he made
or was ordered or agreed to make the payment in respect of which the
contribution is sought.
 (3) A person shall be liable to make contribution by virtue of
subsection (1) notwithstanding that he has ceased to be liable in
respect of the damage in question since the time when the damage
occurred, unless he ceased to be liable by virtue of the expiry of a
period of limitation or prescriptions which extinguished the right on
which the claim against him in respect of the damage was based.
  (4) A person who has made or agreed to make any payment in bona
fide settlement or compromise of any claim made against him in
respect of any damage (including a payment into court which has
been accepted) shall be entitled to recover contribution in accordance

             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
25                         Civil Law Act 1909                        2020 Ed.

with this section without regard to whether or not he himself is or ever
was liable in respect of the damage, provided, however, that he would
have been liable assuming that the factual basis of the claim against
him could be established.
  (5) A judgment given in any action brought in Singapore by or on
behalf of the person who suffered the damage in question against any
person from whom contribution is sought under this section shall be
conclusive in the proceedings for contribution in favour of the person
from whom the contribution is sought, provided that the judgment in
his favour rested on a determination of the merits of the claim against
him in respect of the damage.
 (6) References in this section to a person’s liability in respect of any
damage are references to any such liability which has been or could
be established in an action brought against him in Singapore by or on
behalf of the person who suffered the damage; but it is immaterial
whether any issues arising in any such action was or would be
determined (in accordance with the rules of private international law)
by reference to the law of a country outside Singapore.

Assessment of contribution
 16.—(1) Subject to subsection (3), in any proceedings for
contribution under section 15, the amount of the contribution
recoverable from any person shall be such as may be found by the
court to be just and equitable having regard to the extent of that
person’s responsibility for the damage in question.
 (2) Subject to subsection (3), the court shall have power in any such
proceedings to exempt any person from liability to make
contribution, or to direct that the contribution to be recovered from
any person shall amount to a complete indemnity.
 (3) Where the amount of the damages which have or might have
been awarded in respect of the damage in question in any action
brought in Singapore by or on behalf of the person who suffered it
against the person from whom the contribution is sought was or
would have been subject to —
      (a) any limit imposed by or under any written law or by any
          agreement made before the damage occurred;

         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                       Civil Law Act 1909                                26
       (b) any reduction by virtue of section 3 of the Contributory
           Negligence and Personal Injuries Act 1953; or
           (c) any corresponding limit or reduction under the law of a
               country outside Singapore,
the person from whom the contribution is sought shall not, by virtue
of any contribution awarded under section 15, be required to pay in
respect of the damage a greater amount than the amount of those
damages as so limited or reduced.

Proceedings against persons jointly liable for same debt or
damage
 17. Judgment recovered against any person liable in respect of any
debt or damage shall not be a bar to an action, or to the continuance of
an action, against any other person who is (apart from any such bar)
jointly liable with him in respect of the same debt or damage.

Successive actions against liability (jointly or otherwise) for
same damage
  18. If more than one action is brought in respect of any damage by
or on behalf of the person by whom it was suffered against persons
liable in respect of the damage (whether jointly or otherwise) the
claimant shall not be entitled to costs in any of those actions, other
than that in which judgment is first given, unless the court is of the
opinion that there was reasonable ground for bringing the action.
                                                      [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]

Interpretation and application of sections 15, 16, 17 and 18
 19.—(1) A person is liable in respect of any damage for the
purposes of sections 15, 16, 17 and 18 if the person who suffered it (or
anyone representing his estate or dependants) is entitled to recover
compensation from him in respect of that damage (whatever the legal
basis of this liability), whether tort, breach of contract, breach of trust
or otherwise).
 (2) References in sections 15, 16, 17 and 18 to an action brought by
or on behalf of the person who suffered any damage include
references to an action brought for the benefit of his estate or
dependants.

             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
27                         Civil Law Act 1909                        2020 Ed.

 (3) For the purposes of sections 15, 16, 17 and 18 —
      (a) “dependants” has the same meaning as in section 20; and
      (b) except in section 15(5), “action” means an action brought
          in Singapore.
 (4) Nothing in sections 15, 16, 17 and 18 shall affect any case where
the debt in question became due or, as the case may be, the damage in
question occurred before 1 January 1999.
 (5) A person shall not be entitled to recover contribution or be liable
to make contribution in accordance with section 15 by reference to
any liability based on breach of any obligation assumed by him before
1 January 1999.
 (6) The right to recover contribution in accordance with section 15
supersedes any right, other than an express contractual right, to
recover contribution (as distinct from indemnity) otherwise than
under sections 15, 16, 17 and 18 in corresponding circumstances; but
nothing in sections 15, 16, 17 and 18 shall affect —
      (a) any express or implied contractual or other right to
          indemnity; or
      (b) any express contractual provision regulating or excluding
          contribution,
which would be enforceable apart from sections 15, 16, 17 and 18 (or
render enforceable any agreement for indemnity or contribution
which would not be enforceable apart from sections 15, 16, 17 and
18).

Right of action for wrongful act causing death
 20.—(1) If death is caused by any wrongful act, neglect or default
which is such as would (if death has not ensued) have entitled the
person injured to maintain an action and recover damages in respect
thereof, the person who would have been liable if death had not
ensued shall be liable to an action for damages, notwithstanding the
death of the person injured.
 (2) Subject to section 21(2), every such action shall be for the
benefit of the dependants of the person (referred to in this section and


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                       Civil Law Act 1909                                28
in sections 21 and 22 as the deceased) whose death has been so
caused.
 (3) Every action brought under this section shall be brought by and
in the name of the executor or administrator of the deceased.
 (4) If —
       (a) there is no executor or administrator of the deceased; or
       (b) no action is brought within 6 months after the death by and
           in the name of an executor or administrator of the
           deceased,
the action may be brought by and in the name of all or any of the
persons for whose benefit an executor or administrator could have
brought it.
 (5) Not more than one action shall lie for or in respect of the same
subject matter of complaint and every such action shall be brought
within 3 years after the death of such deceased person.
 (6) The claimant in every such action brought under this section
shall be required to deliver to the defendant or his solicitor full
particulars of the persons for whom and on whose behalf the action is
brought and of the nature of the claim in respect of which damages are
sought to be recovered.
                                                      [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]

 (7) In any action brought under this section, the executor of the
deceased may insert a claim for and recover any pecuniary loss to the
estate of the deceased occasioned by such wrongful act, neglect or
default, which sum when recovered shall be deemed part of the assets
of the estate of the deceased.
 (8) In this section, “dependant” means —
       (a) the wife or husband or former wife of the deceased;
       (b) any parent, grandparent or great-grandparent of the
           deceased;
           (c) any child, grandchild or great-grandchild of the deceased;
       (d) any person (not being a child of the deceased) who, in the
           case of any marriage to which the deceased was at any time


             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
29                         Civil Law Act 1909                           2020 Ed.

          a party, was treated by the deceased as a child of the family
          in relation to that marriage; and
      (e) any person who is, or is the issue of, a brother, sister, uncle
          or aunt of the deceased.
                                                                        [7/2009]

 (9) In deducing       any     relationship    for    the     purposes        of
subsection (8) —
      (a) an adopted person shall be treated as the child of the person
          or persons by whom he was adopted and not as the child of
          any other person; and
      (b) subject to paragraph (a), any relationship by affinity shall
          be treated as a relationship by consanguinity, any
          relationship of the half blood as a relationship of the
          whole blood, and the stepchild of any person as his child
          and an illegitimate person shall be treated as the legitimate
          child of his mother and reputed father.
 (10) In subsection (9)(a), “adopted” means adopted in pursuance of
an adoption order made under the Adoption of Children Act 2022 or
any corresponding previous written law or of any adoption
recognised as valid by the law of Singapore.
                                                  [Act 20 of 2022 wef 15/10/2024]

 (11) Any reference in this section to injury includes any disease and
any impairment of a person’s physical or mental condition.

Bereavement
 21.—(1) An action under section 20 may consist of or include a
claim for damages for bereavement.
 (2) A claim for damages for bereavement shall only be for the
benefit of such of the following persons as survive the deceased:
      (a) the wife or husband of the deceased;
      (b) where there is no spouse by or for whom a claim can be
          made under paragraph (a), the children of the deceased;




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                       Civil Law Act 1909                             30
           (c) where there is no person by or for whom a claim can be
               made under paragraph (a) or (b), the parents of the
               deceased or, if the deceased was illegitimate, his mother;
       (d) where there is no person by or for whom a claim can be
           made under paragraph (a), (b) or (c), but the deceased was
           at the date of his death a minor, any person who during any
           marriage to which that person was a party treated the
           deceased as a child of the family in relation to that
           marriage;
           (e) where there is no other person by or for whom a claim can
               be made under this subsection, any brother or sister of the
               deceased.
 (3) The right of a person to claim under this section for damages for
bereavement shall not survive for the benefit of his estate.
 (4) Subject to subsection (6), the sum to be awarded as damages
under this section shall be $15,000.
                                                                         [7/2009]

 (5) Where there is a claim for damages under this section for the
benefit of 2 or more persons, the sum awarded shall be divided
equally between them (subject to any deduction falling to be made in
respect of costs not recovered from the defendant).
  (6) The Minister may, by order published in the Gazette, substitute
the sum specified in subsection (4) with such other sum as he thinks
fit.
                                                                         [7/2009]

Assessment of damages
 22.—(1) In every action brought under section 20, the court may
award such damages as are proportioned to the losses resulting from
the death to the dependants respectively except that in assessing the
damages there shall not be taken into account —
       (a) any sum paid or payable on the death of the deceased under
           any contract of assurance or insurance;
       (b) any sum payable as a result of the death under the Central
           Provident Fund Act 1953; or


             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
31                         Civil Law Act 1909                        2020 Ed.

      (c) any pension or gratuity which has been or will or may be
          paid as a result of the death.
  (1A) In assessing the damages under subsection (1), the court shall
take into account any moneys or other benefits which the deceased
would be likely to have given to the dependants by way of
maintenance, gift, bequest or devise or which the dependants
would likely to have received by way of succession from the
deceased had the deceased lived beyond the date of the wrongful
death.
                                                                     [7/2009]

 (2) Where damages are awarded under subsection (1), any costs not
recovered from the defendant shall be deducted from those damages
and thereafter those damages shall be divided among the dependants
in such proportions as has been decided under that subsection.
 (3) In an action brought under section 20 where there fall to be
assessed damages payable to a widow in respect of the death of her
husband, there shall not be taken into account the remarriage of the
widow or her prospect of remarriage.
 (3A) In an action brought under section 20, the damages payable to
a former wife of the deceased shall only be in respect of a subsisting
maintenance order against the deceased at the time of his death.
                                                                     [7/2009]

 (4) If the dependants have incurred funeral expenses in respect of
the deceased, damages may be awarded in respect of those expenses.
 (5) Money paid into court in satisfaction of a cause of action under
this Act may be in one sum without specifying any person’s share.

Appointments to be valid notwithstanding one or more objects
excluded, or only take an unsubstantial share
 23.—(1) Where by any deed, will or other instrument a power is
given to appoint movable or immovable property amongst several
objects in such manner that no one of the objects of the power can be
excluded, or some one or more of the objects of the power cannot be
excluded by the donee of the power from a share of that property, but
without requiring a substantial share of that property to be given to
each object of the power or to each object of the power who cannot be


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                     Civil Law Act 1909                        32
excluded, no appointment, which has been or is after 23 July 1909
made in exercise of any such power or authority, shall be invalid on
the ground that an unsubstantial, illusory or nominal share only is
thereby appointed, or left unappointed to devolve upon any one or
more of the objects of the power or on the ground that any object of
that power has been altogether excluded.
  (2) Every such appointment shall be valid and effectual
notwithstanding that any one or more of the objects does or do not
thereunder, or in default thereof, take more than an unsubstantial,
illusory or nominal share, and notwithstanding that any one or more
of the objects does or do not thereunder, or in default thereof, take a
share or shares of the said property.

Not to affect any deed which declares the amount of the share
 (3) Nothing in this section shall prejudice or affect any provision in
any deed, will or other instrument creating any such power as
aforesaid, which declares the amount of the share or shares from
which no object of the power shall be excluded.

Not to give any other force to any appointment than the same
would have had
 (4) Nothing in this section shall be construed, deemed or taken to
give any other validity, force or effect to any appointment than such
appointment would have had if a substantial share of the property
affected by the power had been thereby appointed, or left
unappointed.

Executor deemed to be trustee for person entitled to residue on
intestacy
  24. When any person dies or has died, having by his will appointed
any person to be his executor, such executor shall be deemed to be a
trustee for the person, if any, who would be entitled to the estate in
case the person died intestate in respect of any residue not expressly
disposed of, unless it appears by the will that the person so appointed
executor was intended to take such residue beneficially.




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
33                         Civil Law Act 1909                        2020 Ed.

Executor of executor represents original testator
  25.—(1) An executor of a sole or last surviving executor of a
testator is the executor of that testator.
  (2) Subsection (1) shall not apply to an executor who does not prove
the will of his testator and, in the case of an executor who on his death
leaves surviving him some other executor of his testator who
afterwards proves the will of that testator, it shall cease to apply on
such probate being granted.
 (3) So long as the chain of such representation is unbroken, the last
executor in the chain is the executor of every preceding testator.
 (4) The chain of such representation is broken by —
      (a) an intestacy;
      (b) the failure of a testator to appoint an executor; or
      (c) the failure to obtain a probate of a will,
but is not broken by a temporary grant of administration if probate is
subsequently granted.
 (5) Every person in the chain of representation to a testator —
      (a) has the same rights in respect of the estate of that testator as
          the original executor would have had if living; and
      (b) is, to the extent to which the estate of that testator has come
          to his hands, answerable as if he were an original executor.

Devisee of land not to claim payment of mortgage debt out of
movable property
 26.—(1) If any person dies or has died seised of or entitled to any
estate or interest in any immovable property, which is at the time of
his death charged with the payment of any sum or sums of money by
way of mortgage, and such person has not by his will or deed or other
document signified any contrary or other intention, the devisee to
whom such immovable property is devised shall not be entitled to
have the mortgage debt discharged or satisfied out of the movable
property or any other immovable property of that person.



         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                     Civil Law Act 1909                              34
 (2) The immovable property so charged shall as between the
different persons claiming through or under the deceased person be
primarily liable to the payment of all mortgage debts with which the
same is charged, every part thereof according to its value bearing a
proportionate part of the mortgage debts charged on the whole
thereof.
 (3) In the construction of the will of any person, a general direction
that the debts of the testator shall be paid out of his personal estate
shall not be deemed to be a declaration of an intention contrary to or
other than the rule contained in this section unless such contrary or
other intention is further declared by words expressly or by necessary
implication referring to all or some of the testator’s debts or debt
charged by way of mortgage on any part of his immovable estate.
 (4) In this section, “mortgage” shall be deemed to extend to any lien
for unpaid purchase‑money upon any immovable property purchased
by a testator.
 (5) Nothing in this section shall affect or diminish any right of the
mortgagee of such immovable property to obtain full payment or
satisfaction of his mortgage debt, either out of the estate of the person
so dying as aforesaid or otherwise.

Bona vacantia, etc.
 27.—(1) This section applies —
       (a) where a right to the estate of any person who dies (whether
           before, on or after 15 February 2013) intestate without
           next‑of‑kin has accrued to the Government; or
       (b) where a right to the property of any person who dies
           (whether before, on or after 15 February 2013) has accrued
           to the Government as a result of disposal under such
           written law as the Minister may, by order published in the
           Gazette, prescribe for the purposes of this section.
                                                                       [27/2012]

 (2) Where a right to any estate or property upon the death of a
person as mentioned in subsection (1) has accrued to the
Government, such estate, property or part thereof that is not land,


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
35                         Civil Law Act 1909                        2020 Ed.

or where such estate or property or part thereof is land and that land is
sold, its proceeds, shall form part of the Consolidated Fund.
                                                                     [27/2012]

 (3) If it appears to the Minister that a right to any estate or property
upon the death of a person as mentioned in subsection (1) has accrued
to the Government, it shall be lawful for the Minister, upon
application being made to him or if he considers it reasonable to
do so, by warrant under his hand —
      (a) to disclaim and release in whole or in part that right to such
          estate or property in favour of such person or persons who
          establish to the satisfaction of the Minister any equitable or
          moral claim thereto; and
      (b) to authorise or order the giving, conveyance, transfer, grant
          or payment, out of the whole or any part of such estate or
          property or (if sold) its proceeds, in such share, proportion
          and manner and upon such terms and conditions as the
          Minister thinks appropriate (whether or not including the
          payment of moneys) to that person or those persons, as the
          case may be.
                                                                     [27/2012]

 (4) Upon a right of the Government being disclaimed and released
by warrant under subsection (3), the following provisions shall apply:
      (a) any moneys specified in any such warrant shall, if forming
          part of the Consolidated Fund, be charged on and paid out
          of the Consolidated Fund without further authority other
          than this section;
      (b) any other movable property specified in the warrant that is
          the subject of the disclaimer and release shall vest, by
          virtue of that warrant and without any conveyance,
          assignment or further assurance, in the person or persons
          in favour of whom the disclaimer and release is made in
          such share, proportion and manner as are specified in the
          warrant; and
      (c) any warrant ordering the grant or lease of any State land or
          interest therein shall have the effect of authorising a grant
          or lease of the land under the State Lands Act 1920 to the

         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                     Civil Law Act 1909                              36
            person or persons in favour of whom the disclaimer and
            release is made in such share, proportion and manner as are
            specified in the warrant.
                                                                       [27/2012]

 (5) For the avoidance of doubt, a disclaimer and release by warrant
under subsection (3) may be made without actual entry into or taking
of possession of the estate or property in question being first made by
the Government.
                                                                       [27/2012]

 (6) Nothing in this section shall affect the disposal of any property
according to Muslim law.
                                                                       [27/2012]

No person chargeable with rent bona fide paid to holder under
defective title
  28.—(1) No person shall be chargeable with any rents or profits of
any immovable property which he has bona fide paid over to any
person of whom he bona fide held the rents or profits notwithstanding
it afterwards appears that the person to whom such payment was
made had no right to receive the rents or profits.

Improvements made by bona fide holders
 (2) If any person erects any building or makes an improvement
upon any lands held by him bona fide in the belief that he had an
estate in fee simple or other absolute estate, and that person, his
executor or assign, or his under‑tenant is evicted from such lands by
any person having a better title, the person who erected the building
or made the improvement, his executor or assign, shall be entitled —
       (a) to have the value of the building or improvement so erected
           or made during such holding and in such belief estimated
           and paid or secured to him; or
       (b) at the option of the person causing the eviction, to purchase
           the interest of such person in the lands at the value thereof
           irrespective of the value of the building or improvement.




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
37                          Civil Law Act 1909                           2020 Ed.

Proviso
 (3) The amount to be paid or secured in respect of such building or
improvement shall be the estimated value of the building and
improvement at the time of such eviction.

Double rent or double value on holding over by tenant
 (4) Every tenant holding over after the determination of his tenancy
shall be chargeable, at the option of his landlord, with double the
amount of his rent until possession is given up by him or with double
the value during the period of detention of the land or premises so
detained, whether notice to that effect has been given or not.

Subtenant to give notice
  (5) When any originating claim issued by a landlord against a
tenant for the recovery of immovable property is served on or comes
to the knowledge of any subtenant of the claimant’s immediate
tenant, the subtenant being an occupier of the whole or any part of the
premises sought to be recovered, he shall forthwith give notice
thereof to his immediate landlord, under penalty of forfeiting 3 years’
rack rent of the premises held by the subtenant to the person of whom
he holds, to be recovered by such person by action in any court having
jurisdiction.
                                                   [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]

Rules to apply to State Courts
 29. The rules of law enacted in this Act and declared shall with the
necessary modifications be, and shall, so far as they were already in
force in Singapore, be deemed to have been, in force in the State
Courts so far as the matters to which such rules relate are respectively
cognizable by such courts.
                                                                         [5/2014]

Presumption of survivorship in regard to claim to property
 30. In all cases where 2 or more persons die in circumstances
rendering it uncertain which of them survived the other or others,
such deaths shall (subject to any order of the court) for all purposes
affecting the title to property be presumed to have occurred in order


          Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                       Civil Law Act 1909                              38
of seniority and accordingly the younger shall be deemed to have
survived the elder.

Accumulation of income
  31.—(1) Income arising from a settlement or disposition of
property made on or after 15 December 2004 may, subject to the
terms of the settlement or disposition to the contrary, be accumulated
for the duration of the settlement or disposition.
                                                                         [45/2004]

  (2) Except as otherwise provided in subsection (4), income arising
from a settlement or disposition of property made before
15 December 2004 shall not be wholly or partially accumulated for
any longer period than one of the following, namely:
       (a) the life of the grantor or settlor;
       (b) a term of 21 years from the death of the grantor, settlor or
           testator;
           (c) the duration of the minority or respective minorities of any
               person or persons living or en ventre sa mere at the death of
               the grantor, settlor or testator;
       (d) the duration of the minority or respective minorities only of
           any person or persons who under the limitations of the
           instrument directing the accumulations would, for the time
           being, if of full age, be entitled to the income directed to be
           accumulated;
           (e) a term of 21 years from the date of the making of the
               disposition; or
           (f) the duration of the minority or respective minorities of any
               person or persons in being at the date of the making of the
               disposition.
                                                                         [45/2004]

 (3) In every case where any accumulation is directed otherwise than
in accordance with subsection (2), the direction shall, except as
otherwise provided in subsection (4), be void, and the income of the
property directed to be accumulated shall, so long as the same is
directed to be accumulated contrary to this section, go to and be


             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
39                         Civil Law Act 1909                        2020 Ed.

received by the person or persons who would have been entitled
thereto if such accumulation had not been directed.
                                                                     [45/2004]

 (4) Subsections (2) and (3) do not extend to any provision —
      (a) for payment of the debts of any grantor, settlor, testator or
          other person; or
      (b) for raising portions for —
             (i) any child, children or remoter issue of any grantor,
                 settlor or testator; or
            (ii) any child, children or remoter issue of a person
                 taking any interest under any settlement or other
                 disposition directing the accumulations or to whom
                 any interest is thereby limited,
and accordingly such provisions may be made as if no statutory
restrictions on accumulation of income had been imposed.
                                                                     [45/2004]

Fixed perpetuity period of 100 years
 32.—(1) In the rule against perpetuities as is applicable to any
settlement or disposition of property, the perpetuity period shall be
100 years or such shorter period as may be specified in the instrument
by which the settlement or disposition is made.
                                                                     [45/2004]

 (2) Where any instrument making any settlement or disposition of
property refers to lives in being or specifies a perpetuity period that
exceeds 100 years, the perpetuity period shall be deemed to be a
period of 100 years.
                                                                     [45/2004]

 (3) This section shall apply in relation to —
      (a) any instrument made in the exercise of a special power of
          appointment where the instrument creating the special
          power of appointment takes effect on or after 15 December
          2004; and




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                     Civil Law Act 1909                              40
       (b) any other instrument taking effect on or after 15 December
           2004.
                                                                       [45/2004]

Powers of appointment
 33.—(1) For the purposes of section 32, a power of appointment
shall be treated as a special power unless —
       (a) in the instrument creating the power it is expressed to be
           exercisable by one person only; and
       (b) it could, at all times during its currency when that person is
           of full age and capacity, be exercised by him so as
           immediately to transfer to himself the whole of the interest
           governed by the power without the consent of any other
           person or compliance with any other condition, not being a
           formal condition relating only to the mode of exercise of
           the power.
                                                                       [45/2004]

 (2) For the purpose of determining whether a disposition made
under a power of appointment exercisable by will only is void for
remoteness, the power shall be treated as a general power where it
would have fallen to be so treated if exercisable by deed.
                                                                       [45/2004]

Necessity to wait and see
 34.—(1) Where, apart from the provisions of this section, a
disposition would be invalid as infringing the rule against
perpetuities, the disposition shall be treated, until such time (if
any) as it becomes certain that the vesting will occur, if at all, after the
end of the perpetuity period, as if the disposition were not invalid as
infringing the rule against perpetuities, and its becoming so certain
shall not affect the validity of anything previously done in relation to
the interest disposed of by way of advancement, application of
intermediate income, or otherwise.
                                                                       [45/2004]

 (2) Where, apart from the provisions of this section, a disposition
consisting of the conferring of a general power of appointment would
be invalid as infringing the rule against perpetuities, the disposition


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
41                         Civil Law Act 1909                        2020 Ed.

shall be treated, until such time (if any) as it becomes certain that the
power will not be exercisable within the perpetuity period, as if the
disposition were not invalid as infringing the rule against perpetuities.
                                                                     [45/2004]

 (3) Where, apart from the provisions of this section, a disposition
consisting of the conferring of any power, option, or other right would
be invalid as infringing the rule against perpetuities, the disposition
shall be treated as regards any exercise of the right within the
perpetuity period as if it were not so invalid and, subject to the
provisions of this section, shall be treated as invalid as infringing the
rule against perpetuities only if and so far as the right is not fully
exercised within that period.
                                                                     [45/2004]

 (4) This section shall apply only in relation to dispositions made on
or after 15 December 2004.
                                                                     [45/2004]

Contracts of minors who have attained 18 years of age
 35.—(1) Except as otherwise provided by this section or by any
other written law, as from 1 March 2009, a contract entered into by a
minor who has attained the age of 18 years shall have effect as if he
were of full age.
                                                                      [7/2009]

 (2) Where a minor has, on 1 March 2009, already attained the age of
18 years, subsection (1) shall apply to him and to contracts entered
into by him on and after that day.
                                                                      [7/2009]

 (3) Subsection (1) shall not affect or alter —
      (a) a minor’s lack of capacity to enter into contracts arising
          from reasons other than because of his age; or
      (b) the application of any provision in any other written law
          stipulating a requirement as to the attainment of a
          particular age for the purposes of that written law.
                                                                      [7/2009]

 (4) The following contracts, if entered into by a minor who has
attained the age of 18 years, shall not, by virtue of subsection (1),
have effect as if he were of full age:


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                       Civil Law Act 1909                             42
       (a) any contract for the sale, purchase, mortgage, assignment
           or settlement of any land, other than a contract for a lease
           of land not exceeding 3 years;
       (b) any contract for a lease of land for more than 3 years;
           (c) any contract whereby the minor’s beneficial interest under
               a trust is sold or otherwise transferred to another person, or
               pledged as a collateral for any purpose;
       (d) any contract for the settlement of —
                 (i) any legal proceedings or action in respect of which
                     the minor is, pursuant to any written law, considered
                     to be a person under disability on account of his age;
                     or
                (ii) any claim from which any such legal proceedings or
                     action may arise.
                                                                         [7/2009]

 (5) Subsection (1) does not entitle —
       (a) a trustee to pay money or deliver property to a minor who
           has attained the age of 18 years otherwise than in
           accordance with the terms of the trust; or
       (b) a minor who has attained the age of 18 years to enter into a
           contract whereby a trust is extinguished or the terms of a
           trust are varied, and any such contract entered into by the
           minor shall not, by virtue of that subsection, have effect as
           if the minor were of full age.
                                                                         [7/2009]

  (6) Nothing in this section shall apply to or affect any contract that
was made before 1 March 2009, and the law in force immediately
before that day shall continue to apply in relation to such a contract as
if this section had not been enacted.
                                                                         [7/2009]

 (7) Nothing in this section shall limit or affect the rule of law
whereby a minor is not liable in tort for procuring a contract by means
of fraudulent representations as to his own age or any other matter.
                                                                         [7/2009]




             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
43                         Civil Law Act 1909                        2020 Ed.

Legal proceedings and actions by minors who have attained
18 years of age
 36.—(1) Notwithstanding any other written law, a minor who has
attained the age of 18 years and who is not otherwise under any legal
disability —
      (a) may, in his own name and without a litigation
          representative, bring, defend, conduct or intervene in any
          legal proceeding or action specified in the Schedule as if he
          were of full age; and
      (b) shall not be considered to be a person under disability on
          account of his age for the purpose of any such legal
          proceeding or action or for the purpose of any written law
          regulating the limitation of actions.
                                                                     [7/2009]

 (2) The Minister may, at any time, by order published in the
Gazette, amend the Schedule.
                                                                     [7/2009]

Standard of care for medical advice
 37.—(1) A healthcare professional meets the standard of care in
relation to the provision of medical advice to a patient if —
      (a) subject to subsection (2), the manner in which the
          healthcare professional acts in the matter (at the time the
          medical advice is provided) is accepted by a respectable
          body of medical opinion (called in this section the peer
          professional opinion) as reasonable professional practice
          in the circumstances; and
      (b) the peer professional opinion is logical.
 (2) In order for the peer professional opinion mentioned in
subsection (1) to be relied on for the purposes of that subsection,
the peer professional opinion must —
      (a) require the healthcare professional to have given (or
          caused to be given) to the patient —
             (i) information that a person in the same circumstances
                 as the patient (which circumstances the healthcare

         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                         Civil Law Act 1909                                          44
                    professional knows or ought reasonably to know)
                    would reasonably require to make an informed
                    decision about whether to undergo a treatment or
                    follow a medical advice; and
              (ii) information that the healthcare professional knows
                   or ought reasonably to know (in accordance with
                   subsection (3)) is material to the patient for the
                   purpose of making an informed decision about
                   whether to undergo the treatment or follow the
                   medical advice; and
.               Explanation. — Sub-paragraph (ii) refers to information which a person
            in the same circumstances as the patient would not reasonably require to
            make an informed decision (about whether to undergo a treatment or follow
            a medical advice), but which is important to the patient, for the patient’s own
            reason (including an idiosyncratic reason), for the purpose of making an
            informed decision.

       (b) support the non-provision of any information mentioned in
           paragraph (a)(i) or (ii) to the patient only where there is
           reasonable justification for that.
.                                              Illustrations
               (a) A (a doctor) decides to perform an emergency life-saving surgery on B
            (a patient), who is unconscious, to create a temporary airway for B. Without
            this surgery, B will not be able to breathe and will die. At the material time,
            there is no person present with legal capacity to make medical decisions on
            behalf of B, and insufficient time to locate or appoint such a person. A has
            reasonable justification for not providing information about the surgery to B,
            or any person with legal capacity to make medical decisions on behalf of B,
            before performing the surgery.
               (b) B (a patient) seeks treatment for breast cancer from A (a doctor) and
            informs A that B would like to proceed with a lumpectomy. B also informs
            that B had earlier consulted 2 other breast cancer specialists who had advised
            B of the other treatment options (including their benefits and risks) available
            to B, and expressly tells A that B does not want to be given this information
            again. A is satisfied that B appreciates the seriousness of B’s decision to
            waive B’s right to hear such information. A has reasonable justification for
            not providing such information to B.
               (c) A (a doctor) is of the view that it is in the best interests of B (a patient)
            to undergo a procedure and that informing B about the risks of the procedure
            would dissuade B from undergoing it. This, by itself, does not give A
            reasonable justification for not informing B about the risks.


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
45                           Civil Law Act 1909                                  2020 Ed.

 (3) In subsection (2)(a)(ii), an assessment as to whether any
information is material to the patient for the purpose of making an
informed decision about whether to undergo a treatment or follow a
medical advice must be based on any specific concern or query the
patient has in relation to the treatment or medical advice —
      (a) which the patient expressly communicates to the
          healthcare professional; or
.                                          Illustration
            B (a patient) asks A (B’s doctor) about the risks of influenza vaccination. B
         expresses a concern to A about side effects of weakness or paralysis after
         being administered the influenza vaccine (which alludes to the Guillain-
         Barré syndrome). B is not a high-risk patient for developing Guillain-Barré
         syndrome from influenza vaccination, and doctors would not ordinarily
         advise a patient in B’s circumstances about Guillain-Barré syndrome as it is
         a very rare side effect of the influenza vaccine. However, since B has
         expressly communicated such a concern to A, information on the risks of
         Guillain-Barré syndrome is material to B for the purpose of B making an
         informed decision about whether to receive influenza vaccination.

      (b) which the patient does not expressly communicate to the
          healthcare professional but which ought to be apparent to
          the healthcare professional from the patient’s medical
          records that the healthcare professional has reasonable
          access to and ought reasonably to review.
.                                          Illustration
           Slightly dry skin at the surgery site is a rare but possible consequence of
         knee replacement surgery. The general medical opinion is that a patient
         would not reasonably require information about the possibility of dry skin at
         the surgery site in order to make an informed decision as to whether to
         undergo knee replacement surgery.
            B (a patient) consults A (a doctor) on knee replacement surgery. B has an
         unusual concern that B’s skin should not become dry, but does not expressly
         communicate this concern to A. A year earlier, B had consulted C (another
         doctor working in the same hospital as A) on knee replacement surgery but
         did not proceed with it. B’s medical records containing notes of B’s
         consultation with C show that B had repeatedly asked C about dry skin and
         stated that B did not want the skin on B’s knee to feel dry after such surgery.
         Therefore, it ought to be apparent to A from such medical records of B that
         information about dry skin being a possible consequence of knee
         replacement surgery is material to B for the purpose of B making an
         informed decision about whether to undergo the surgery.


        Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
2020 Ed.                       Civil Law Act 1909                                       46
 (4) The fact that there are differing professional opinions held by
other respected healthcare professionals does not, by itself, prevent
the peer professional opinion mentioned in subsection (1) from being
relied on for the purpose of that subsection.
 (5) For the purposes of subsection (1)(b), a peer professional
opinion is logical where —
       (a) the body of healthcare professionals holding the opinion
           has directed its mind to the comparative risks and benefits
           relating to the matter; and
       (b) the opinion is internally consistent and does not contradict
           proven extrinsic facts relevant to the matter.
 (6) A reference in this section to a patient includes, in the case
where the patient is under a legal disability, a reference to a person
with the responsibility for making a decision for the patient having
regard to medical advice.
 (7) In this section, “healthcare professional” means an individual
who practises a profession that provides medical advice, and
includes —
       (a) a medical practitioner registered (or deemed to be
           registered) under the Medical Registration Act 1997*; and
       (b) a dentist registered (or deemed to be registered), and an
           oral health therapist registered, under the Dental
           Registration Act 1999†.
                                   [*Updated to be consistent with the 2020 Revised Edition]
                                                           [Act 36 of 2020 wef 01/07/2022]
                                   [†Updated to be consistent with the 2022 Revised Edition]


                               THE SCHEDULE
                                                                                 Section 36

            LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND ACTIONS TO WHICH
                       SECTION 36 APPLIES
 1. Any legal proceeding or action arising from or in connection with a contract
to which the minor is a party and which, by virtue of section 35, has effect as if the
minor were of full age.



           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
47                            Civil Law Act 1909                           2020 Ed.

                        THE SCHEDULE — continued
 2. Any legal proceeding or action arising from or in connection with the minor
acting as —
       (a) a director of a company; or
       (b) a manager of a limited liability partnership.
 3. Any legal proceeding or action arising from or in connection with a bill of
exchange that has been drawn or indorsed —
       (a) by the minor; or
       (b) by another person in favour of the minor.
 4. Where the minor is registered under the Business Names Registration
Act 2014 to carry on any business (whether as a sole proprietor or in partnership
with one or more other persons) —
       (a) any legal proceeding or action arising from or in connection with his
           carrying on of such business; or
       (b) [Deleted by Act 29 of 2014]
 5. Where the minor carries on business in Singapore as a limited partnership
registered under the Limited Partnerships Act 2008 (whether as a general partner
or a limited partner) —
       (a) any legal proceeding or action arising from or in connection with his
           carrying on of such business; or
       (b) any legal proceeding or action arising from or in connection with his
           acting as a person responsible for the management of such business (as
           defined in section 39(2) of that Act).
                                                       [7/2009; 29/2014; S 192/2009]




          Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                         LEGISLATIVE HISTORY
                          CIVIL LAW ACT 1909
 This Legislative History is a service provided by the Law Revision Commission
on a best-efforts basis. It is not part of the Act.

             PICTORIAL OVERVIEW OF PREDECESSOR ACTS




                      LEGISLATIVE HISTORY DETAILS
                                PART 1
              PRESUMPTION OF SURVIVORSHIP ORDINANCE
                  (CHAPTER 31, 1955 REVISED EDITION)
 1. Ordinance 22 of 1947 — Presumption of Survivorship Ordinance, 1947
     Bill                             :   Information not available
     First, Second and Third          :   Information not available
     Readings
     Commencement                     :   12 June 1947
 2. 1955 Revised Edition — Presumption of Survivorship Ordinance
                           (Chapter 31)
     Operation                        :   1 July 1956

                                 PART 2
                       CIVIL LAW ORDINANCE, 1878
                         (ORDINANCE IV OF 1878)
 3. Ordinance IV of 1878 — Civil Law Ordinance, 1878
     Bill                             :   Information not available
     First Reading                    :   15 March 1878
     Second Reading                   :   22 March 1878



            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                        ii
   Notice of Amendments             :        30 April 1878
   Third Reading                    :        7 May 1878
   Commencement                     :        1 January 1879

                            PART 3
          PRESUMPTION OF SURVIVORSHIP ORDINANCE, 1950
                   (M. ORDINANCE 16 OF 1950)
4. M. Ordinance 16 of 1950 — Presumption of Survivorship Ordinance,
                             1950
   Commencement                     :        23 May 1950
   Application                      :        25 February 1965
   Note: This Ordinance was extended to Singapore by the Modification of
         Laws (Presumption of Survivorship) (Extension) Order, 1965
         (L.N. 66/1965) (G.N. Sp. No. S 78/1965)) on 25 February 1965.

5. L.N. 66/1965 (G.N. Sp. No. S 78/1965) — Modification of Laws
                                           (Presumption of
                                           Survivorship) (Extension)
                                           Order, 1965
   Commencement                     :        25 February 1965
   Note: This Order repealed the Presumption of Survivorship Ordinance
         (Chapter 31, 1955 Revised Edition) and extended the Federation of
         Malaya Presumption of Survivorship Ordinance, 1950 (M. Ordinance
         16 of 1950) to Singapore.

                                PART 4
                          CIVIL LAW ACT 1909
                        (2020 REVISED EDITION)
6. Ordinance VIII of 1909 — The Civil Law Ordinance 1909
   Bill                             :        G.N. No. 648/1909
   First Reading                    :        11 June 1909
   Second Reading                   :        18 June 1909
   Third Reading                    :        9 July 1909
   Commencement                     :        15 July 1909 (assent)
                                             23 July 1909 (publication)




          Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                          iii
 7. 1920 Revised Edition — Ordinance No. 111 (Civil Law)
     Operation                        :         28 November 1921
 8. 1926 Revised Edition — Ordinance No. 111 (Civil Law)
     Operation                        :         1 August 1926
 9. Ordinance 12 of 1934 — Civil Law (Amendment) Ordinance, 1934
     Bill                             :         G.N. No. 79/1934
     First Reading                    :         12 February 1934
     Second and Third Readings        :         16 April 1934
     Commencement                     :         1 January 1935
10. Ordinance 63 of 1935 — Statute Law Revision Ordinance, 1935
    (Amendments made by section 2 read with paragraph (k) of the First Schedule
    to the above Act)
     Bill                             :         G.N. No. 3046/1935
     First Reading                    :         20 November 1935
     Second Reading                   :         9 December 1935
     Notice of Amendments             :         9 December 1935
     Third Reading                    :         9 December 1935
     Commencement                     :         31 December 1935 (section 2 read
                                                with paragraph (k) of the
                                                First Schedule)
11. 1936 Revised Edition — Civil Law Ordinance (Chapter 42)
     Operation                        :         1 September 1936
12. Ordinance 30 of 1940 — Civil Law (Amendment) Ordinance, 1940
     Bill                             :         G.N. No. 696/1940
     First Reading                    :         22 April 1940
     Second and Third Readings        :         10 June 1940
     Commencement                     :         1 July 1940
13. Ordinance 23 of 1955 — Civil Law (Amendment) Ordinance, 1955
     Bill                             :         19/1955
     First Reading                    :         21 September 1955
     Second and Third Readings        :         12 October 1955



            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                         iv
    Commencement                     :        11 November 1955
14. 1955 Revised Edition — Civil Law Ordinance (Chapter 24)
    Operation                        :        1 July 1956
15. Ordinance 8 of 1957 — Civil Law (Amendment) Ordinance, 1957
    Bill                             :        89/1957
    First Reading                    :        9 January 1957
    Second and Third Readings        :        13 February 1957
    Commencement                     :        1 March 1957
16. Ordinance 15 of 1959 — Civil Law (Amendment) Ordinance, 1959
    Bill                             :        193/1959
    First Reading                    :        21 January 1959
    Second and Third Readings        :        11 February 1959
    Commencement                     :        20 February 1959
17. G.N. No. S 223/1959 — Singapore Constitution (Modification of Laws)
                          Order, 1959
    Commencement                     :        3 June 1959
18. G.N. No. S (N.S.) 178/1959 — Singapore Constitution (Modification of
                                 Laws) (No. 4) Order, 1959
    Commencement                     :        20 November 1959
19. Ordinance 7 of 1962 — Civil Law (Amendment) Ordinance, 1962
    Bill                             :        164/1961
    First Reading                    :        20 December 1961
    Second Reading                   :        15 January 1962
    Notice of Amendments             :        15 January 1962
    Third Reading                    :        15 January 1962
    Commencement                     :        2 February 1962
20. Ordinance 16 of 1962 — Civil Law (Amendment No. 2) Ordinance, 1962
    Bill                             :        172/1962
    First Reading                    :        26 March 1962
    Second and Third Readings        :        17 April 1962
    Commencement                     :        27 April 1962


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                          v
21. L.N. 155/1965 (G.N. Sp. No. S 73/1965) — Modification of Laws (Civil
                                             Law) (Singapore) Order,
                                             1965
     Commencement                     :       22 April 1965
22. L.N. 260/1965 (G.N. Sp. No. S 118/1965) — Modification of Laws (Bills of
                                              Exchange) (Extension)
                                              Order, 1965
     Commencement                     :       1 July 1965
23. Act 5 of 1966 — Civil Law (Amendment) Act, 1966
     Bill                             :       3/1966
     First Reading                    :       23 February 1966
     Second Reading                   :       21 April 1966
     Notice of Amendments             :       21 April 1966
     Third Reading                    :       21 April 1966
     Commencement                     :       16 May 1966
24. Act 16 of 1968 — Civil Law (Amendment) Act, 1968
     Bill                             :       22/1968
     First Reading                    :       15 May 1968
     Second and Third Readings        :       10 July 1968
     Commencement                     :       26 July 1968
25. 1970 Revised Edition — Civil Law Act (Chapter 30)
     Operation                        :       1 March 1971
     Note: This Revised Edition incorporated the Presumption of Survivorship
           Ordinance, 1950 (M. Ordinance 16 of 1950).

26. Act 2 of 1979 — Civil Law (Amendment) Act, 1979
     Bill                             :       1/1979
     First Reading                    :       10 January 1979
     Second Reading                   :       5 March 1979
     Notice of Amendments             :       5 March 1979
     Third Reading                    :       5 March 1979
     Commencement                     :       30 March 1979



            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                          vi
27. Act 24 of 1979 — Civil Law (Amendment No. 2) Act, 1979
     Bill                             :        25/1979
     First Reading                    :        7 September 1979
     Second and Third Readings        :        21 September 1979
     Commencement                     :        5 October 1979
28. Act 15 of 1982 — Civil Law (Amendment) Act, 1982
     Bill                             :        6/1982
     First Reading                    :        19 March 1982
     Second and Third Readings        :        27 July 1982
     Commencement                     :        1 October 1982
29. 1985 Revised Edition — Civil Law Act (Chapter 43)
     Operation                        :        30 March 1987
30. Act 11 of 1987 — Civil Law (Amendment) Act 1987
     Bill                             :        1/1987
     First Reading                    :        26 January 1987
     Second and Third Readings        :        4 March 1987
     Commencement                     :        1 May 1987
31. 1988 Revised Edition — Civil Law Act (Chapter 43)
     Operation                        :        30 April 1988
32. Act 8 of 1993 — Civil Law (Amendment) Act 1993
     Bill                             :        1/1993
     First Reading                    :        18 January 1993
     Second and Third Readings        :        26 February 1993
     Commencement                     :        16 April 1993
33. Act 35 of 1993 — Application of English Law Act 1993
    (Amendments made by section 6(1) and section 7 read with paragraph 1 of the
    Second Schedule to the above Act)
     Bill                             :        26/1993
     First Reading                    :        30 August 1993
     Second Reading                   :        12 October 1993
     Notice of Amendments             :        12 October 1993


            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                          vii
     Third Reading                    :         12 October 1993
     Commencement                     :         12 November 1993 (section 6(1) and
                                                section 7 read with paragraph 1 of the
                                                Second Schedule)
34. 1994 Revised Edition — Civil Law Act (Chapter 43)
     Operation                        :         15 March 1994
35. Act 7 of 1997 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) Act 1997
    (Amendments made by section 7 read with item (5) of the Second Schedule to
    the above Act)
     Bill                             :         6/1997
     First Reading                    :         11 July 1997
     Second and Third Readings        :         25 August 1997
     Commencement                     :         1 October 1997 (section 7 read with
                                                item (5) of the Second Schedule)
36. Act 45 of 1998 — Civil Law (Amendment) Act 1998
     Bill                             :         41/1998
     First Reading                    :         12 October 1998
     Second and Third Readings        :         26 November 1998
     Commencement                     :         1 January 1999
37. 1999 Revised Edition — Civil Law Act (Chapter 43)
     Operation                        :         1 August 1999
38. Act 45 of 2004 — Trustees (Amendment) Act 2004
    (Amendments made by section 24 of the above Act)
     Bill                             :         43/2004
     First Reading                    :         21 September 2004
     Second and Third Readings        :         19 October 2004
     Commencement                     :         15 December 2004 (section 24)
39. Act 42 of 2005 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) (No. 2) Act 2005
    (Amendments made by section 5 read with item (8) of the First Schedule to
    the above Act)
     Bill                             :         30/2005
     First Reading                    :         17 October 2005
     Second and Third Readings        :         21 November 2005


            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                          viii
     Commencement                     :          1 January 2006 (section 5 read with
                                                 item (8) of the First Schedule)
40. Act 10 of 2006 — Casino Control Act 2006
    (Amendments made by section 201 of the above Act)
     Bill                             :          3/2006
     First Reading                    :          16 January 2006
     Second and Third Readings        :          14 February 2006
     Commencement                     :          2 April 2008 (section 201)
41. Act 7 of 2009 — Civil Law (Amendment) Act 2009
     Bill                             :          38/2008
     First Reading                    :          17 November 2008
     Second and Third Readings        :          19 January 2009
     Commencement                     :          1 March 2009 (except item (7)(b) in
                                                 the Schedule)
42. G.N. No. S 192/2009 — Civil Law Act (Amendment of Schedule)
                          Order 2009
     Commencement                     :          4 May 2009
43. Act 7 of 2011 — Private Lotteries Act 2011
    (Amendments made by section 34(1) read with item 3 of the Schedule to the
    above Act)
     Bill                             :          2/2011
     First Reading                    :          10 January 2011
     Second and Third Readings        :          14 February 2011
     Commencement                     :          1 April 2011 (section 34(1) read with
                                                 item 3 of the Schedule)
44. Act 27 of 2012 — Civil Law (Amendment) Act 2012
     Bill                             :          25/2012
     First Reading                    :          10 September 2012
     Second and Third Readings        :          16 October 2012
     Commencement                     :          15 February 2013




            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                          ix
45. Act 5 of 2014 — Subordinate Courts (Amendment) Act 2014
    (Amendments made by section 11(9) read with item 3 of the Schedule to the
    above Act)
     Bill                             :        26/2013
     First Reading                    :        11 November 2013
     Second and Third Readings        :        21 January 2014
     Commencement                     :        7 March 2014 (section 11(9) read with
                                               item 3 of the Schedule)
46. Act 34 of 2014 — Remote Gambling Act 2014
    (Amendments made by section 43(3) of the above Act)
     Bill                             :        23/2014
     First Reading                    :        8 September 2014
     Second Reading                   :        7 October 2014
     Notice of Amendments             :        7 October 2014
     Third Reading                    :        7 October 2014
     Commencement                     :        2 February 2015 (section 43(3))
47. Act 29 of 2014 — Business Names Registration Act 2014
    (Amendments made by section 47 read with item 4 of the Schedule to the
    above Act)
     Bill                             :        26/2014
     First Reading                    :        8 September 2014
     Second and Third Readings        :        8 October 2014
     Commencement                     :        3 January 2016 (section 47 read with
                                               item 4 of the Schedule)
48. Act 2 of 2017 — Civil Law (Amendment) Act 2017
     Bill                             :        38/2016
     First Reading                    :        7 November 2016
     Second and Third Readings        :        10 January 2017
     Commencement                     :        1 March 2017
49. Act 40 of 2018 — Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018
    (Amendments made by section 462 of the above Act)
     Bill                             :        32/2018
     First Reading                    :        10 September 2018


            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                          x
     Second and Third Readings        :       1 October 2018
     Commencement                     :       30 July 2020 (section 462)
50. Act 40 of 2019 — Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 2019
    (Amendments made by section 28(1) read with item 21 of the Schedule to the
    above Act)
     Bill                             :       32/2019
     First Reading                    :       7 October 2019
     Second Reading                   :       5 November 2019
     Notice of Amendments             :       5 November 2019
     Third Reading                    :       5 November 2019
     Commencement                     :       2 January 2021 (section 28(1) read
                                              with item 21 of the Schedule)
51. 2020 Revised Edition — Civil Law Act 1909
     Operation                        :       31 December 2021
52. Act 25 of 2021 — Courts (Civil and Criminal Justice) Reform Act 2021
     Bill                             :       18/2021
     First Reading                    :       26 July 2021
     Second and Third Readings        :       14 September 2021
     Commencement                     :       1 April 2022
53. Act 36 of 2020 — Civil Law (Amendment) Act 2020
     Bill                             :       33/2020
     First Reading                    :       3 September 2020
     Second and Third Readings        :       6 October 2020
     Commencement                     :       1 July 2022
54. Act 15 of 2022 — Gambling Control Act 2022
     Bill                             :       6/2022
     First Reading                    :       14 February 2022
     Second and Third Readings        :       11 March 2022
     Commencement                     :       1 August 2022




            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                             xi
55. Act 20 of 2022 — Adoption of Children Act 2022
    (Amendments made by the above Act)
        Bill                             :        12/2022
        First Reading                    :        4 April 2022
        Second and Third Readings        :        9 May 2022
        Commencement                     :        15 October 2024
                                     Abbreviations
.                       (updated on 29 August 2022)
G.N.                    Gazette Notification
G.N. Sp.                Gazette Notification (Special Supplement)
L.A.                    Legislative Assembly
L.N.                    Legal Notification (Federal/Malaysian)
M.                      Malaya/Malaysia (including Federated Malay States,
                        Malayan Union, Federation of Malaya and Federation of
                        Malaysia)
Parl.                   Parliament
S                       Subsidiary Legislation
S.I.                    Statutory Instrument (United Kingdom)
S (N.S.)                Subsidiary Legislation (New Series)
S.S.G.G.                Straits Settlements Government Gazette
S.S.G.G. (E)            Straits Settlements Government Gazette (Extraordinary)




               Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                          COMPARATIVE TABLE
                          CIVIL LAW ACT 1909
 This Act has undergone renumbering in the 2020 Revised Edition. This
Comparative Table is provided to help readers locate the corresponding provisions
in the last Revised Edition.

               2020 Ed.                                 1999 Ed.
[Omitted as having had effect]           35—(8)




          Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
