THE STATUTES OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE


          PROBATE AND ADMINISTRATION
                   ACT 1934




                          2020 REVISED EDITION

           This revised edition incorporates all amendments up to and
  including 1 December 2021 and comes into operation on 31 December 2021.




                          Prepared and Published by
                    THE LAW REVISION COMMISSION
                       UNDER THE AUTHORITY OF
               THE REVISED EDITION OF THE LAWS ACT 1983



    Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                                                        2020 Ed.



           Probate and Administration
                    Act 1934
                       ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

                                       PART 1
                                PRELIMINARY
Section
    1.     Short title
    2.     Interpretation

                                       PART 2
                               RENUNCIATION
   3.      Express renunciation
   4.      Constructive renunciation
   5.      Effect of renunciation

                                       PART 3
          GRANT OF PROBATE OR LETTERS OF ADMINISTRATION
   6.      Provisions as to number of personal representatives
   7.      Notation of domicile
   8.      Grant of probate

                               Where will lost, etc.
   9.      Probate of copy or draft, or of contents

                            Where will destroyed, etc.
  10.      Destroyed will

               Where will proved and deposited outside Singapore
  11.      Administration with copy annexed of authenticated copy of will
           proved abroad



                                         1


            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                            Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                             Act 1934                                    2
                       Where codicil propounded after probate
Section
  12.      Codicil propounded after probate

                     Letters of administration with will annexed
   13.     On failure of executors
   14.     Letters of administration with will annexed may be granted to
           attorney of absent executor
   15.     Grant to attorney of absent person entitled to letters of
           administration
   16.     Codicil propounded after grant of letters of administration

                     Letters of administration until will produced
   17.     Letters of administration until will produced

                        Letters of administration on intestacy
   18.     Letters of administration on intestacy
   19.     Letters of administration to attorney of person entitled

                Letters of administration pending probate action
   20.     Letters of administration pending probate action

                       Letters of administration during infancy
   21.     Infants

    Letters of administration in relation to persons lacking mental capacity
   22.     Persons who lack mental capacity

                Letters of administration limited to trust property
   23.     Letters of administration of trust property

  Letters of administration limited to collection and preservation of property
   24.     Letters of administration to collect and preserve property

                       Death of one of several executors, etc.
   25.     Death of one of several executors, etc.
   26.     Grants with exception



           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                        Probate and Administration
3                                Act 1934                                2020 Ed.

Section
  27.     Administration when limited grant expired and some part of
          estate unadministered

                                    PART 4
                                     OATH
    28.   Oath

                                    PART 5
                                  SECURITY
    29.   Administration bond
    30.   Bond by creditor administrator
    31.   Assignment of bond

                                    PART 6
                         REVOCATION OF GRANT
    32.   Revocation of grant

                                    PART 7
                                   CAVEATS
    33.   Caveat

                                    PART 8
                             DISTRICT COURTS
    34.   [Repealed]
    35.   Grants in excess of jurisdiction not to be invalid
    36.   [Repealed]

                                    PART 9
              PROTECTION OF ESTATES PENDING GRANT
    37.   Vesting of estate in Public Trustee in certain circumstances
          between death and grant of administration
    38.   Estate vested in Chief Justice before 1 October 1997
    39.   Receiver pending grant
    40.   Sale by order of court
    41.   Application of rules relating to receivers
    42.   Penalty

          Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                          Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                           Act 1934                                      4
Section
  43.      No suit against receiver
  44.      Receiver’s lien
  45.      [Repealed]

                                      PART 10
   RE-SEALING OF PROBATES AND LETTERS OF ADMINISTRATION
                 GRANTED OUT OF SINGAPORE
   46.     Interpretation
   47.     Power of court to re-seal
   48.     Provisions for estate duty
   49.     Security on re-sealing letters of administration
   50.     Security for creditors in Singapore
   51.     Notice of sealing
   52.     Notice of revocation
   53.     [Repealed]

                                      PART 11
                                      GENERAL
   54.     Order to bring in will, etc.
   55.     Grant to Public Trustee in cases of delay
   56.     Death of payee
   57.     Administration of assets
   58.     Charges on property of deceased to be paid primarily out of
           property charged
   59.     Administration of estates by consular officers
   60.     Variation of Third Schedule
   61.     Letters of administration granted to consular officer to pass to
           his successors in office
   62.     Administration by Public Trustee
   63.     Payment for minor’s maintenance, etc., out of property not
           exceeding $25,000 in value held by Public Trustee
   64.     Exemption from necessity of giving notice of distribution of
           property of less than $10,000 in value
   65.     When interest is payable into Consolidated Fund
   66.     Executors’ or administrators’ commission
   67.     Testamentary and funeral expenses
   68.     Where funds of estate cannot be immediately distributed
   69.     Power of registrar to grant probate or letters of administration in
           uncontested cases


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                        Probate and Administration
5                                Act 1934                              2020 Ed.

Section
  70.      Transitional provision
           First Schedule — Rules as to payment of debts where estate
                                 is insolvent
           Second Schedule — Order of application of assets where the
                                 estate is solvent
           Third Schedule — Names of States


An Act relating to the grant of probate and letters of administration.
                                                          [1 January 1935]


                                  PART 1
                             PRELIMINARY
Short title
    1. This Act is the Probate and Administration Act 1934.

Interpretation
 2. In this Act, unless there is something repugnant in the subject or
context —
       “court” means the General Division of the High Court or a
          Family Court;
       “letters of administration” means a grant under the seal of the
          court issuing the same, authorising the person or persons
          therein named to administer an intestate’s estate in
          accordance with law;
       “letters of administration with the will annexed” means a grant
          under the seal of the court issuing the same, authorising the
          person or persons therein named to administer a testator’s
          estate in compliance with the directions contained in his will,
          and in accordance with law;
       “prescribed form” means the form prescribed by rules made
          under any law for the time being in force relating to the
          courts;



           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                        Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                         Act 1934                                         6
      “probate” means a grant under the seal of the court issuing the
         same, authorising the executor or executors expressly or
         impliedly appointed by a testator’s will, or one or more of
         them, to administer the testator’s estate in compliance with
         the directions contained in his will, and in accordance with
         law;
      “probate action” means a cause or matter in which a probate
         application is contested by any person, and includes any
         application to alter or revoke the grant of any probate or
         letters of administration;
      “probate application” means an application for a grant of
         probate or letters of administration, and “probate applicant”
         shall be construed accordingly;
      “Public Trustee” means the Public Trustee appointed under the
        Public Trustee Act 1915 and includes a Deputy Public
        Trustee and an Assistant Public Trustee appointed under that
        Act;
      “registrar” means the registrar of the Family Justice Courts;
      “will” includes any codicil or other testamentary document.
                                        [6/2004; 42/2005; 27/2014; 44/2014; 40/2019]



                                  PART 2
                             RENUNCIATION
Express renunciation
 3.—(1) Any person who is or may become entitled to any probate
or letters of administration may expressly renounce his right to such
grant.
 (2) Such renunciation may be made —
       (a) orally by the person renouncing or by his advocate and
           solicitor, on the hearing of any probate application or
           probate action; or




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                       Probate and Administration
7                               Act 1934                                2020 Ed.

      (b) in writing signed by the person so renouncing and attested
          either by an advocate and solicitor or by any person before
          whom an affidavit may be sworn.
                                                                       [42/2005]

Constructive renunciation
 4.—(1) Any person having or claiming any interest in the estate of a
deceased person, or any creditor of a deceased person, may, without
applying for probate or letters of administration, cause to be issued a
citation directed to the executor or executors appointed by the
deceased’s will, or to any person appearing to have a prior right to
probate or letters of administration, calling upon the person cited to
accept or renounce that right.
  (2) Any person so cited may file a notice of intention to contest or
not to contest the citation, but if he fails to file the notice within the
time permitted, he shall be deemed to have renounced his right.
                                                  [Act 18 of 2023 wef 15/10/2024]

  (3) If, having filed a notice of intention to contest, the person so
cited does not proceed to apply for probate or letters of
administration, the person so citing may apply for an order that the
person cited, unless he applies for and obtains a grant within a time
limited by the order, shall be deemed to have renounced his right
thereto, and an order may be made accordingly.
                                                  [Act 18 of 2023 wef 15/10/2024]

Effect of renunciation
 5.—(1) The renunciation, whether made expressly in the manner
provided by section 3, or constructively in the manner provided by
section 4, shall preclude the person so renouncing from applying
thereafter for probate or letters of administration.
 (2) Notwithstanding subsection (1), the court may at any time allow
the person so renouncing to withdraw his renunciation for the purpose
of taking a grant, if it is shown that the withdrawal is for the benefit of
the estate or of those interested under the will or intestacy.




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                        Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                         Act 1934                                     8
                                  PART 3
 GRANT OF PROBATE OR LETTERS OF ADMINISTRATION
Provisions as to number of personal representatives
 6.—(1) Probate or letters of administration shall not be granted to
more than 4 persons in respect of the same property.
 (2) Letters of administration shall, if there is a minority or if a life
interest arises under the will, be granted either to a trust corporation,
with or without an individual, or to not less than 2 individuals.
 (3) The court in granting letters of administration may act on such
prima facie evidence, furnished by the applicant or any other person,
as to whether or not there is a minority or life interest, as may be
prescribed by rules made under any written law for the time being in
force relating to the courts.
 (4) If there is only one personal representative (not being a trust
corporation) then, during the minority of a beneficiary or the
subsistence of a life interest and until the estate is fully
administered, the court may, on the application of any person
interested or of the guardian, committee or receiver of any such
person, appoint one or more personal representatives in addition to
the existing personal representative in accordance with rules made
under any written law for the time being in force relating to the courts.
 (5) This section shall apply to grants made after 1 January 1935
whether the testator or intestate died before or after that date.
 (6) For the purposes of this section, “trust corporation” means the
Public Trustee or a corporation licensed as a trust company under the
Trust Companies Act 2005.
                                                                       [11/2005]

Notation of domicile
 7.—(1) A probate applicant may at any time apply to the registrar
by summons intituled in the estate of the deceased person for an order
that a notation be endorsed on the grant that the deceased person died
domiciled in Singapore.
                                                                       [42/2005]




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                        Probate and Administration
9                                Act 1934                              2020 Ed.

 (2) The registrar, on being satisfied by affidavit and by such further
evidence as he may require that the testator or intestate died
domiciled in Singapore, may write and sign a note or
memorandum upon such grant stating that the testator or intestate
died domiciled in Singapore.

Grant of probate
    8.—(1) Probate may be granted to any executor appointed by a will.
    (2) The appointment may be express or implied.
 (3) Subject to section 6, where more than one person is appointed
an executor by a will, probate may be granted to one or more of the
persons so appointed, without prejudice to a subsequent application
by another or others of them for further grant or grants.

                            Where will lost, etc.
Probate of copy or draft, or of contents
  9. Where a will has been lost or mislaid after the death of the
testator, or where a will cannot for any sufficient reason be
produced —
        (a) if a copy or draft thereof is produced, and it appears that the
            copy or draft is identical in terms with the original, probate
            may be granted of that copy or draft, limited until the
            original is admitted to probate; or
        (b) if no such copy or draft is produced, probate may be
            granted of the contents of the will, if they can be
            sufficiently established, limited as above described.

                        Where will destroyed, etc.
Destroyed will
 10. Where a will has been destroyed, otherwise than by the act or
with the consent of the testator, probate may be granted of a copy or
draft thereof, or of the contents thereof, if they can be sufficiently
established.



           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                          Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                           Act 1934                              10
            Where will proved and deposited outside Singapore
Administration with copy annexed of authenticated copy of
will proved abroad
 11. When a will has been proved and deposited in a court of
competent jurisdiction situated beyond the limits of Singapore, and a
properly authenticated copy of the will is produced, probate may be
granted of such copy or letters of administration may be granted with
a copy of such copy annexed.

                  Where codicil propounded after probate
Codicil propounded after probate
  12.—(1) Where, after probate has been granted, a codicil of the will
is propounded, separate probate may be granted of the codicil.
 (2) Where the codicil expressly or impliedly revokes the
appointment of any executor to whom probate has been granted,
the probate shall be revoked, and a new probate shall be granted of the
will and codicil together.

                 Letters of administration with will annexed
On failure of executors
 13.—(1) Where —
       (a) no executor is appointed by a will;
       (b) the executor or all the executors appointed by will are
           legally incapable of acting as such, or have renounced the
           right to act as such;
           (c) no executor survives the testator;
       (d) all the executors die before obtaining probate or before
           having administered all the estate of the deceased; or
           (e) the executors appointed by any will do not appear and
               extract probate,
letters of administration with the will annexed may be granted to such
person or persons as the court considers the fittest to administer the
estate.

             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                      Probate and Administration
11                             Act 1934                              2020 Ed.

 (2) A prior right to a grant under subsection (1) shall belong to the
following persons in the following order:
      (a) a universal or residuary legatee;
      (b) a legal personal representative of a deceased universal or
          residuary legatee;
      (c) such person or persons, being beneficiaries under the will,
          as would have been entitled to a grant of letters of
          administration if the deceased had died intestate;
      (d) a legatee having a beneficial interest;
      (e) a creditor of the deceased.

Letters of administration with will annexed may be granted to
attorney of absent executor
 14. Where an executor appointed by a will is absent from
Singapore, and there is no other executor within Singapore willing
to act, letters of administration with the will annexed may be granted
to a duly authorised attorney of the absent executor, limited until he
obtains probate for himself, and in the meantime to any purpose to
which the attorney’s authority is limited.

Grant to attorney of absent person entitled to letters of
administration
 15. Where any person to whom letters of administration with the
will annexed might be granted under section 13 is absent from
Singapore, letters of administration with the will annexed may be
granted to his duly authorised attorney, limited as described in
section 14.

Codicil propounded after grant of letters of administration
 16. Section 12 shall apply in the case of a grant of letters of
administration with the will annexed, in like manner as they apply in
the case of a grant of probate.




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                          Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                           Act 1934                              12
                Letters of administration until will produced
Letters of administration until will produced
  17. When no will of the deceased is forthcoming, but there is reason
to believe that there is a will in existence, letters of administration
may be granted, limited until the will or an authenticated copy thereof
is produced.

                    Letters of administration on intestacy
Letters of administration on intestacy
  18.—(1) When a person has died intestate, the court may grant
letters of administration of his estate.
 (2) In granting such letters of administration the court shall have
regard to the rights of all persons interested in the estate of the
deceased person or the proceeds of sale thereof, and in regard to land
settled previously to the death of the deceased, letters of
administration may be granted to the trustees of the settlement.
 (3) Any such grant of letters of administration may be limited in any
way the court thinks fit.
 (4) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (2) —
       (a) letters of administration may be granted to the husband or
           widow or next of kin or any of them;
       (b) when such persons apply for letters of administration, it
           shall be in the discretion of the court to grant them to any
           one or more of such persons;
           (c) when no such person applies, letters of administration may
               be granted to a creditor of the deceased; and
       (d) in any case where —
                 (i) the next of kin of any person dying intestate, or the
                     greater number of such next of kin, so desire; or
                (ii) no next of kin or creditor or other person appears and
                     makes out a claim to letters of administration,




             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                       Probate and Administration
13                              Act 1934                              2020 Ed.

      (d) letters of administration of the estate and effects of the
          intestate may be granted by the court to such person as the
          court thinks fit for the purpose.
 (5) Nothing in this section shall affect any law by which special
provision is made regarding the estates of persons of a particular
religion or race.

Letters of administration to attorney of person entitled
 19. Where a person entitled to letters of administration in case of
intestacy is absent from Singapore, and no person equally entitled is
willing to act, letters of administration may be granted to an
authorised attorney of the absent person, limited until he obtains a
grant to himself.

          Letters of administration pending probate action
Letters of administration pending probate action
 20. Pending any probate action, letters of administration may be
granted to such person as the court may appoint, limited so that the
administrator shall not be empowered to distribute the estate, and
shall be subject to such control by, and direction of, the court as the
court thinks fit.

               Letters of administration during infancy
Infants
 21.—(1) No probate or letters of administration shall be granted to
a person while he is an infant.
 (2) Where an infant would, but for his infancy, be entitled to probate
or letters of administration, letters of administration with or without
the will annexed may, subject to section 6(1), be granted to the
guardian of the person and property of the infant, or to such person as
the court thinks fit, limited until the infant obtains a grant to himself.
 (3) Where there are 2 or more infant executors or persons so
entitled, any grant made under subsection (2) shall be limited until
any of them obtains a grant.



          Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                        Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                         Act 1934                                      14
   Letters of administration in relation to persons lacking mental
                               capacity
Persons who lack mental capacity
 22.—(1) No probate or letters of administration are to be granted to
a person who lacks mental capacity (within the meaning of the Mental
Capacity Act 2008) to make decisions with respect to the
management and administration of the person’s property and affairs.
  (2) Where any such person, if he or she did not lack mental
capacity, would be entitled to probate or letters of administration,
letters of administration with or without the will annexed may be
granted to —
       (a) the person to whom the care of the estate of the person who
           lacks mental capacity has been lawfully committed; or
       (b) any other person that the court thinks fit,
for the use and benefit of the person who lacks mental capacity, until
that person ceases to lack mental capacity and obtains a grant to
himself or herself.
                                                    [Act 18 of 2023 wef 15/10/2024]


           Letters of administration limited to trust property
Letters of administration of trust property
 23. Where a person dies, leaving property in which he had no
beneficial interest on his own account, and does not leave a
representative who is able and willing to act, letters of
administration, limited to such property, may be granted to the
person beneficially interested in the property, or to some other person
on his behalf.

 Letters of administration limited to collection and preservation of
                              property
Letters of administration to collect and preserve property
 24. In any case in which it appears necessary for preserving the
property of a deceased person, the court may grant to any person
whom the court thinks fit letters of administration limited to the


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                      Probate and Administration
15                             Act 1934                              2020 Ed.

collection and preservation of the property of the deceased, and
giving discharges of debts due to his estate, subject to the directions
of the court.

               Death of one of several executors, etc.
Death of one of several executors, etc.
 25.—(1) Where probate or letters of administration have been
granted to more than one executor or administrator, and one of them
dies, the representation of the estate shall accrue to the surviving
executor or executors or, except in cases to which section 6 applies,
administrator or administrators.
 (2) On the death of an administrator, letters of administration may
be granted in respect of any estate not fully administered and in
granting such letters of administration the court shall be guided by the
same rules as apply to original grants.

Grants with exception
 26.—(1) A grant of probate or letters of administration may be
made subject to such exception as the will or the circumstances of the
case require.
 (2) A further grant may be made of the part of the estate excepted
under subsection (1).

Administration when limited grant expired and some part of
estate unadministered
 27. When a limited grant has expired by effluxion of time or the
happening of the event or contingency on which it was limited, and
there is still some part of the deceased’s estate unadministered, letters
of administration shall be granted to those persons to whom original
grants might have been made.




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                        Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                         Act 1934                                    16
                                  PART 4
                                   OATH
Oath
 28.—(1) Upon the grant of any probate or letters of administration,
the grantee shall take an oath in the prescribed form, faithfully to
administer the estate and to account for the same.
 (2) Subsection (1) shall not apply where the grantee is the Public
Trustee or a trust company.
                                                                        [6/2004]



                                  PART 5
                                SECURITY
Administration bond
 29.—(1) Where security is required the registrar shall determine its
sufficiency.
 (2) The security shall ordinarily be by bond in the prescribed form
by the grantee and 2 sureties in the amount at which the estate within
the jurisdiction is sworn, without deduction of any debts due by the
deceased, other than debts secured by mortgage.
 (3) The court or the registrar may for any sufficient reason increase
or decrease the number of the sureties, or dispense with them, or
reduce the amount of the bond.
                                                                       [27/2014]

 (4) Where the Public Trustee has obtained a grant of letters of
administration, he shall not be required to give security.
                                                                        [6/2004]

 (5) When the administrator is entitled to the whole of the estate after
payment of the debts, sureties in the bond may ordinarily be
dispensed with.
 (6) Sureties may be required by the registrar to justify.
 (7) Subject to subsection (8), in the case of administrations whether
with or without the will annexed the person to whom the grant is



           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                      Probate and Administration
17                             Act 1934                              2020 Ed.

made or on whose behalf it is sealed shall give security for the due
administration of the estate.
                                                                     [27/2014]

 (8) A grantee of letters of administration from a Family Court shall
not be required to give security for the due administration of the estate
unless —
      (a) the person for whose use and benefit the grant is made is an
          infant; or
      (b) the Family Court thinks fit to require such security.
                                                                     [27/2014]

Bond by creditor administrator
 30. When letters of administration are granted to a creditor, he may
be required to enter into a bond to pay the debts of the deceased
rateably, without preferring his own debt.

Assignment of bond
 31. The court may, if it appears that the condition of an
administration bond has been broken, order that it be assigned by
the registrar to some named person, who shall thereupon be entitled to
sue on the bond under his own name on behalf of all persons
interested in the estate in respect of which the bond was executed, as
though it had originally been made in his favour.
                                                                     [27/2014]



                                PART 6
                     REVOCATION OF GRANT
Revocation of grant
 32. Any probate or letters of administration may be revoked or
amended for any sufficient cause.




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                        Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                         Act 1934                                    18
                                  PART 7
                                 CAVEATS
Caveat
  33.—(1) Any person having or claiming to have interest may, at any
time after the death of a deceased person and before probate or letters
of administration have been granted to his estate, enter a general
caveat, so that no probate or letters of administration shall be granted
without notice to the caveator.
 (2) After entry of any such caveat no such grant shall be made until
the caveator has been given opportunity to contest the right of any
probate applicant to a grant.
                                                                       [42/2005]



                                  PART 8
                           DISTRICT COURTS
 34. [Repealed by Act 27 of 2014]

Grants in excess of jurisdiction not to be invalid
 35.—(1) No probate or letters of administration granted by a
District Court before 1 January 2015 shall be invalid by reason of the
assets and effects of the deceased being subsequently found to be of a
value which exceeds $3 million.
                                                                       [27/2014]

 (2) The grantee shall be —
       (a) liable for the estate duty payable in respect of the true value
           of the estate, and for all such court fees as would have been
           payable had the application for the grant been made to the
           General Division of the High Court; and
       (b) required to give such security for the due administration of
           the estate as is required in the case of a grant by the General
           Division of the High Court.
                                                                       [40/2019]

 (3) Unless in such case the grantee complies without delay with the
requirements of subsection (2), the grant may be revoked, on the


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                      Probate and Administration
19                             Act 1934                              2020 Ed.

application of the Commissioner of Estate Duties, or of the registrar
of the Family Justice Courts, or of any person having any interest as
beneficiary or creditor in the assets of the estate.
                                                                     [27/2014]

 36. [Repealed by Act 27 of 2014]


                                PART 9
        PROTECTION OF ESTATES PENDING GRANT
Vesting of estate in Public Trustee in certain circumstances
between death and grant of administration
 37.—(1) Where a person dies intestate, his real and personal estate
shall vest in the Public Trustee.
 (2) Where a testator dies and —
      (a) at the time of his death there is no executor with power to
          obtain probate of the will; or
      (b) at any time before probate of the will is granted there
          ceases to be any executor with power to obtain probate,
the real and personal estate of which the testator disposes by the will
shall vest in the Public Trustee with effect from the time specified in
paragraph (a) or (b) in relation to each case.
 (3) The vesting by virtue of this section of any estate in the Public
Trustee shall not, without more, confer or impose on him any power,
duty, right, equity, obligation or liability in respect of the estate.
 (4) Any estate or part of an estate vested in the Public Trustee under
subsection (1) or (2) shall cease to be so vested on the grant of
administration in respect of the estate or part in question.

Estate vested in Chief Justice before 1 October 1997
 38.—(1) Any estate or part of an estate of a deceased person vested
in the Chief Justice under section 37 immediately before 1 October
1997 shall on that date vest in the Public Trustee.
 (2) Subject to subsection (3), the amendment made to this Act by
the Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) Act 1997 applies in


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                        Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                         Act 1934                                      20
respect of a person’s estate whether the person died before, on or after
1 October 1997.
 (3) Where, but for this subsection, the vesting under section 37 (as
amended by the Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) Act 1997) of
any estate of a testator would have effect from a time before
1 October 1997, the vesting shall have effect from that date and
section 37(2) shall have effect subject to this.

Receiver pending grant
 39. Where any person dies leaving property within Singapore, the
court may, if it appears, on an application made by originating
application by the Public Trustee or by any person claiming to be
interested in the property, or having the custody or control thereof at
the time of the death of the deceased, or being at such time an attorney
of the deceased, that there is danger that the property may be wasted,
appoint the Public Trustee or such other person as the court thinks fit,
to be a receiver of the property pending a grant of probate or letters of
administration.
                                                        [6/2004; 42/2005; 27/2014]
                                                    [Act 18 of 2023 wef 15/10/2024]

Sale by order of court
 40. The court may, on application by a receiver appointed under
section 39, or any person interested in the estate, order the sale of the
whole or any part of such property, if it appears that such sale will be
beneficial to the estate.
                                                                         [27/2014]

Application of rules relating to receivers
 41. A receiver appointed under section 39 shall be subject to the
Rules of Court relating to receivers generally, but the Public Trustee
shall not be required to furnish security.
                                                                          [6/2004]

Penalty
 42. Any person who, without lawful authority, removes or attempts
to remove from Singapore any portion of the property of which a
receiver has been appointed under section 39, or destroys, conceals,

           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                      Probate and Administration
21                             Act 1934                              2020 Ed.

or refuses to yield up the same to the receiver, shall be guilty of an
offence and shall be liable on conviction by a Magistrates’ Court to a
fine not exceeding $1,000 or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 6 months or to both.

No suit against receiver
 43.—(1) No suit shall be brought against a receiver appointed under
section 39 in relation to anything done or intended to be done by him
in respect of the property of the deceased in exercise or intended
exercise of the powers vested in him.
 (2) Any person aggrieved by anything so done, or intended to be
done, may apply to the court for directions in the matter, and the court
may make such order in the premises as is just.
                                                                     [27/2014]

Receiver’s lien
 44. A receiver appointed under section 39 shall have a lien upon the
property entrusted to him for all costs and expenses properly incurred
by him in the exercise of his duties as such receiver.
 45. [Repealed by Act 27 of 2014]


                                PART 10
      RE-SEALING OF PROBATES AND LETTERS OF
     ADMINISTRATION GRANTED OUT OF SINGAPORE
Interpretation
 46. In this Part —
     “Commonwealth” shall, for the purposes of this Part, be deemed
       to include any country in the Commonwealth which the
       Minister may, by notification in the Gazette, specify to be a
       country to which this Part applies;
     “court of probate” means any court or authority by whatever
        name designated, having jurisdiction in matters of probate;
     “probate” and “letters of administration” include confirmation
        in Scotland and any instrument having in any country or


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                         Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                          Act 1934                                    22
           territory the same effect which, under the law of Singapore, is
           given to probate or letters of administration respectively.

Power of court to re-seal
 47.—(1) Subject to subsections (3) and (4), where —
       (a) a court of probate in any part of the Commonwealth has,
           either before, on or after 25 February 1999, granted probate
           or letters of administration in respect of the estate of a
           deceased person; or
       (b) a court of probate in a country or territory, being a country
           or territory declared by the Minister under subsection (5) as
           a country or territory to which this subsection applies, has,
           on or after a date specified by the Minister in respect of that
           country or territory (referred to in this section as the
           relevant date), granted probate or letters of administration
           in respect of the estate of a deceased person,
the probate or letters of administration so granted, or a certified copy
thereof, sealed with the seal of the court granting the same, may, on
being produced to and a copy thereof deposited in the General
Division of the High Court, be sealed with the seal of the Family
Justice Courts.
                                                               [27/2014; 40/2019]

 (2) Upon sealing under subsection (1), the probate or letters of
administration shall be of the like force and effect, and have the same
operation in Singapore, as if granted by the General Division of the
High Court to the person by whom or on whose behalf the application
for sealing was made.
                                                                        [40/2019]

 (3) Before the probate or letters of administration is sealed with the
seal of the Family Justice Courts, the General Division of the High
Court may require such evidence as it thinks fit as to the domicile of
the deceased person.
                                                               [27/2014; 40/2019]

 (4) If it appears that the deceased was not, at the time of his death,
domiciled within the jurisdiction of the court from which the grant



            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                      Probate and Administration
23                             Act 1934                              2020 Ed.

was issued, the seal shall not be affixed unless the grant is such as the
General Division of the High Court would have made.
                                                                     [40/2019]

 (5) For the purposes of subsection (1)(b), the Minister may, by
notification in the Gazette —
      (a) declare any country or territory, which is not a part of the
          Commonwealth, as a country or territory to which
          subsection (1) applies; and
      (b) specify the relevant date in respect of that country or
          territory which may be a date before, on or after
          25 February 1999.

Provisions for estate duty
 48. The provisions of the Estate Duty Act 1929, including the penal
provisions thereof, shall apply as if the person who applies for sealing
under this Part were an executor within the meaning of that Act, and
section 41 of that Act shall apply with the necessary modifications to
the re-sealing of grants under this Part.

Security on re-sealing letters of administration
 49.—(1) Before the sealing of letters of administration under this
Part, the administrator or his attorney shall give security by a bond in
the prescribed form for the due administration of the estate.
 (2) Such security shall be subject to section 29 relating to security to
be given in the case of a grant of letters of administration.

Security for creditors in Singapore
 50.—(1) Where the deceased has carried on business or resided in
Singapore within 12 months of his death, the court may, on the
application of a creditor of the deceased or otherwise, before a grant
of probate or letters of administration is re-sealed, require adequate
security to be given for the payment of debts due to creditors residing
in Singapore.
                                                                     [27/2014]

 (2) Any such creditor may give notice in writing to the registrar,
requiring that he be notified of any application for the sealing of a


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                        Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                         Act 1934                                    24
grant of probate under this Part; and no such grant shall be sealed
before the expiration of 7 days after service on such creditor of a
notice in writing of an application for sealing.

Notice of sealing
 51. Notice of the sealing of a grant under this Part shall be sent
forthwith by the registrar to the court from which the grant is issued.

Notice of revocation
 52. When notice has been received by the court of the re-sealing of
a grant issued in Singapore, notice of any revocation or alteration of
the grant shall be sent forthwith by the registrar to the court so
re‑sealing the grant.
 53. [Repealed by Act 27 of 2014]


                                  PART 11
                                GENERAL
Order to bring in will, etc.
  54. The court may, on the application of any person interested, if it
appears that there is reason to believe that any will or other
testamentary document of a deceased person is in the possession or
under the control of any person, or that any person has knowledge of
the existence of such a will or document, order that that person do,
within a time named, produce the will or document at the registry, or
attend at a time named before a court, for the purpose of being
examined in relation to the will or document.
                                                                       [27/2014]

Grant to Public Trustee in cases of delay
 55.—(1) In the following cases:
       (a) where, after the expiration of 6 months from the death of a
           deceased person, no application has been made for probate
           or letters of administration to his estate;




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                      Probate and Administration
25                             Act 1934                              2020 Ed.

      (b) where any such application, though made within the said
          6 months, has not within that period been proceeded with,
          or has been withdrawn or refused;
      (c) where any person, who has received a grant of letters of
          administration with or without the will annexed, neglects
          within one month of the date of the grant to give such
          security as he is lawfully required to furnish;
      (d) where a receiver may be appointed under section 39, but it
          appears that such appointment would not be a sufficient
          protection for the estate;
      (e) where an administrator has failed to extract the grant of
          letters of administration; or
       (f) where after the death of a last surviving executor or
           administrator of a deceased person’s estate 6 months have
           elapsed and no application for the representation of the
           estate has been made,
letters of administration with or without the will annexed may be
granted to the Public Trustee, or to such other person as the court
thinks fit.
                                                                     [6/2004]

 (2) Nothing in this section shall be construed so as to prevent the
Public Trustee from applying for or being granted letters of
administration of the estate of a deceased person with or without
the will annexed before the expiration of a period of 6 months of the
death of the deceased.
                                                                     [6/2004]

Death of payee
  56.—(1) When funds in court are by an order directed to be paid,
transferred or delivered to any person named or described in an order,
or in a certificate of the registrar, except to a person therein expressed
to be entitled to those funds as trustee, executor, or administrator, or
otherwise than in his own right, or for his own use, the funds, or any
portion thereof for the time being remaining unpaid, untransferred or
undelivered, may, unless the order otherwise directs, on proof of the
death of such person, whether on or after or, in the case of payment


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                        Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                         Act 1934                              26
directed to be made to a creditor as such, before the date of the order,
be paid, transferred, or delivered to the legal personal representatives
of the deceased person, or to the survivors or survivor of them.
  (2) If no administration has been taken out to the estate of such
deceased person who has died intestate, and whose assets do not
exceed $500, including the amount of the funds directed to be so paid,
transferred or delivered to him, the funds may be paid, transferred or
delivered to the person who, being a widower, widow, child, father,
mother, brother or sister of the deceased, would be entitled to take
administration to his or her estate upon a declaration by that person in
the prescribed form.

Administration of assets
 57.—(1) Where the estate of a deceased person is insolvent his
estate shall be administered in accordance with the rules set out in the
First Schedule.
 (2) The right of retainer of a personal representative and his right to
prefer creditors may be exercised in respect of all assets of the
deceased, but the right of retainer shall only apply to debts owing to
the personal representative in his own right whether solely or jointly
with another person.
  (3) Subject to subsection (2), nothing in this Act shall affect the
right of retainer of a personal representative, or his right to prefer
creditors.
 (4) Where the estate of a deceased person is solvent his estate shall,
subject to the Rules of Court and section 58 as to charges on property
of the deceased, and to the provisions, if any, contained in his will, be
applicable towards the discharge of the funeral, testamentary and
administration expenses, debts and liabilities payable thereout in the
order mentioned in the Second Schedule.

Charges on property of deceased to be paid primarily out of
property charged
 58.—(1) Where a person dies possessed of, or entitled to, or, under
a general power of appointment, by his will disposes of an interest in
property which at the time of his death is charged with the payment of


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                      Probate and Administration
27                             Act 1934                              2020 Ed.

money, whether by way of legal mortgage, equitable charge or
otherwise (including lien for unpaid purchase money), and the
deceased has not by will, deed or other document signified a contrary
or other intention, the interest so charged shall, as between the
different persons claiming through the deceased, be primarily liable
for the payment of the charge.
 (2) Every part of the interest referred to on subsection (1),
according to its value, shall bear a proportionate part of the charge
on the whole thereof.
 (3) Such contrary or other intention shall not be deemed to be
signified —
      (a) by a general direction for the payment of debts or of the
          debts of the testator out of his movable property or of his
          residuary estate; or
      (b) by a charge of debts upon any such estate,
unless such intention is further signified by words expressly or by
necessary implication referring to all or some part of the charge.
 (4) Nothing in this section shall affect the right of a person entitled
to the charge to obtain payment or satisfaction thereof either out of
the other assets of the deceased or otherwise.

Administration of estates by consular officers
 59.—(1) Whenever any subject or citizen of any State mentioned in
the first column of the Third Schedule —
      (a) dies within Singapore; or
      (b) dies outside Singapore leaving property within Singapore,
and no person is present in Singapore at the time of his death who is
rightfully entitled to administer the estate of the deceased person, the
consul, vice-consul or consular agent of that State within Singapore
may —
       (i) take possession and have the custody of the property of the
           deceased person;




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                        Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                         Act 1934                                   28
       (ii) apply the same in payment of his debts and funeral
            expenses; and
      (iii) retain the surplus for the benefit of the persons entitled
            thereto.
 (2) Notwithstanding subsection (1), the consul, vice-consul or
consular agent shall immediately apply for, and shall be entitled to
obtain from the court, letters of administration of the property of the
deceased person, limited in such manner and for such time as to the
court seems fit.

Variation of Third Schedule
 60. The Minister may, by notification in the Gazette, add to, amend
or vary the Third Schedule.

Letters of administration granted to consular officer to pass to
his successors in office
 61.—(1) Letters of administration granted to a consular officer
under section 59 shall be granted to such an officer in his official style
and title and not in his personal name, but the person officiating as
such consul, vice-consul or consular agent shall personally take the
administrator’s oath.
 (2) The letters of administration referred to in subsection (1) and the
estate of the deceased shall pass from such consular officer to his
successors in office, and shall vest in each such consular officer for
the time being during his continuance in office without any order of
the court or any conveyance, assignment or other instrument
whatsoever.

Administration by Public Trustee
 62.—(1) Where any person dies leaving property in Singapore not
exceeding $50,000 in value (without deduction for debts), the Public
Trustee, after satisfying himself that no application for letters of
administration is pending, may, if he thinks fit, by writing signed by
him declare that he undertakes to administer such property.
                                                               [6/2004; 42/2005]




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                      Probate and Administration
29                             Act 1934                              2020 Ed.

 (2) For the purpose of subsection (1), the amount of $50,000 shall
not include —
      (a) the value of any property which the deceased possessed or
          was entitled to as trustee and not beneficially; and
      (b) in the case of a person who dies on or after 17 September
          2005, any moneys payable by an appointed insurer
          pursuant to the Dependants’ Protection Insurance
          Scheme or any other equivalent scheme maintained by
          the Central Provident Fund Board under the Central
          Provident Fund Act 1953.
                                                                     [42/2005]

 (3) Upon a declaration under subsection (1), the Public Trustee
shall be empowered to administer such property as though letters of
administration, with or without the will annexed, of the estate of the
deceased person had been granted to him, and his receipt shall be a
sufficient discharge to any person who pays any money or delivers
any property to him.
                                                                      [6/2004]

 (4) Notice of every declaration made under subsection (1) shall be
given to the registrar.
                                                                     [16/2016]

 (5) At any time prior to the distribution of any part of the property
among the beneficiaries thereof under this section the Public Trustee
may, if he thinks it expedient to do so, notwithstanding any
declaration made by him under subsection (1), decline to proceed
with the administration of the property in his hands until a grant of
representation has been obtained in respect of the estate of the
deceased.
                                                                      [6/2004]

Payment for minor’s maintenance, etc., out of property not
exceeding $25,000 in value held by Public Trustee
 63.—(1) Where any property not exceeding $25,000 in value is
held by the Public Trustee, whether by virtue of a grant of letters of
administration to him or by virtue of the powers conferred on him by
this Act, and the property is held by him upon trust for any person for
any interest whatsoever, whether vested or contingent, then, subject


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                        Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                         Act 1934                                   30
to any prior interest or charges affecting that property, the Public
Trustee may in his sole discretion, during the minority of any such
person, in respect of that person’s maintenance, education or benefit
make payments of the whole or such part of the income and capital
money of such property as may in all the circumstances be
reasonable.
                                                                       [6/2004]

 (2) When the property so held exceeds $25,000 but does not exceed
$50,000 in value, the Public Trustee may make such payments of
capital money to the extent of $25,000.
                                                                       [6/2004]

 (3) Such payments may be made to the parent or guardian of such
person or otherwise as the Public Trustee may, in his discretion,
determine, and whether or not there is —
       (a) any other fund applicable to the same purpose; or
       (b) any person bound by law to provide for such person’s
           maintenance or education.
                                                                       [6/2004]

Exemption from necessity of giving notice of distribution of
property of less than $10,000 in value
  64.—(1) Where the total value of any property (without deduction
for debts, but not including the value of any property which the
deceased possessed or was entitled to as trustee and not beneficially)
administered by the Public Trustee, whether by virtue of a grant of
letters of administration to him or by virtue of the powers conferred
on him by this Act, does not exceed $10,000, it shall not be necessary
for the Public Trustee to give notice by advertisement in the Gazette
or otherwise of his intention to distribute the estate or require any
person interested to send in particulars of his claim against the estate,
but the Public Trustee may proceed forthwith to convey or distribute
the estate or any part thereof to or among the persons entitled thereto,
having regard only to the claims, whether formal or not, of which the
Public Trustee then had notice.
                                                                       [6/2004]

 (2) The Public Trustee shall not, as respects the property conveyed
or distributed under subsection (1), be liable to any person of whose


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                      Probate and Administration
31                             Act 1934                              2020 Ed.

claim the Public Trustee has not had notice at the time of conveyance
or distribution.
                                                                      [6/2004]

 (3) Nothing in this section shall —
      (a) prejudice the right of any person to follow the property
          representing the same, into the hands of any person, other
          than a purchaser, who may have received it; or
      (b) free the Public Trustee from any obligation to make
          searches similar to those which an intending purchaser
          would be advised to make or obtain.
                                                                      [6/2004]

When interest is payable into Consolidated Fund
  65.—(1) Where any trust money in the hands of the Public Trustee
is normally insufficient to earn bank interest if kept in a bank current
account the money may be kept in a general banking account or
deposited in any bank.
                                                                      [6/2004]

 (2) Any interest allowed by the bank shall be paid into the
Consolidated Fund.

Executors’ or administrators’ commission
 66.—(1) The court may in its or his discretion allow the executors
or administrators a commission not exceeding 5% on the value of the
assets collected by them, but in the allowance or disallowance of such
commission the court shall be guided by its or his approval or
otherwise of their conduct in the administration of the estate.
                                                                     [27/2014]

 (2) The registrar may, in the course of the taking of the
administration accounts of executors or administrators, exercise the
powers conferred on the court by subsection (1).
                                                                     [27/2014]

Testamentary and funeral expenses
 67.—(1) The court shall allow the executors or administrators the
reasonable testamentary and other expenses incurred by them, and
also proper funeral expenses and all reasonable expenses of


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                          Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                           Act 1934                                    32
subsequent religious ceremonies suitable to the station in life of the
deceased.
                                                                         [27/2014]

 (2) The registrar may, in the course of the taking of the
administration accounts of executors or administrators, exercise the
powers conferred on the court by subsection (1).
                                                                         [27/2014]

Where funds of estate cannot be immediately distributed
  68.—(1) Where, upon the conclusion of the administration of the
estate of a person dying testate or intestate, there remain in the hands
of the personal representative funds of which he is unable to dispose
immediately by distribution in accordance with law by reason of the
inability of the person entitled to give a discharge, through lack of
legal capacity or otherwise, or for any other cause which to the Public
Trustee appears sufficient, the personal representative may, if the
Public Trustee consents to accept the same, pay those funds to the
Public Trustee who —
       (a) shall not be required to make any enquiry whether the
           administration has been conducted in accordance with law;
       (b) may accept those funds as a trustee for the person entitled,
           and apply the same for the benefit of such person; and
           (c) may for such purpose exercise all the powers conferred on
               him under section 63.
                                                                          [6/2004]

 (2) The receipt of the Public Trustee may be accepted by the
personal representative and shall constitute a full and sufficient
discharge in respect of such funds.
                                                                          [6/2004]

Power of registrar to grant probate or letters of administration
in uncontested cases
 69. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Act, the
registrar may exercise and shall be deemed always to have had power
to exercise, in uncontested matters and subject to rules made under
any written law for the time being in force relating to the courts, all or



             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                          Probate and Administration
33                                 Act 1934                                    2020 Ed.

any of the powers conferred upon the court by Parts 2, 3 and 10, and
by section 55.

Transitional provision
 70. As from 8 March 2004 —
       (a) any letters of administration granted to the official
           assignee;
       (b) any application made by the official assignee (whether for
           letters of administration or otherwise);
        (c) any estate or part thereof of a deceased person vested in or
            being administered by the official assignee; and
       (d) any other action (whether for the administration of the
           estate of a deceased person or otherwise) begun by the
           official assignee,
under the provisions of this Act in force immediately before that date
shall be deemed to have been so granted to, made by, vested in or
administered or begun by the Public Trustee under the provisions of
this Act in force as from that date, and any such application,
administration or other action still pending on that date may be
continued with by the Public Trustee in accordance with the
provisions of this Act in force as from that date.
                                                                               [6/2004]


                              FIRST SCHEDULE
                                                                           Section 57(1)

 RULES AS TO PAYMENT OF DEBTS WHERE ESTATE IS INSOLVENT
 1. The funeral, testamentary and administration expenses shall have priority.
 2. Subject to paragraph 1, the same rules shall prevail and be observed as to the
respective rights of secured and unsecured creditors and as to debts and liabilities
provable and as to the valuation of annuities and future and contingent liabilities
respectively, and as to the priorities of debts and liabilities, as may be in force for
the time being under the law of bankruptcy with respect to the assets of persons
adjudged bankrupt.




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                         Probate and Administration
2020 Ed.                          Act 1934                                        34
                           SECOND SCHEDULE
                                                                       Section 57(4)

ORDER OF APPLICATION OF ASSETS WHERE THE ESTATE IS SOLVENT
 1. Property of the deceased undisposed of by will, subject to the retention
thereout of a fund sufficient to meet any pecuniary legacies.
 2. Property of the deceased not specifically devised or bequeathed but included
(either by a specific or general description) in a residuary gift, subject to the
retention out of such property of a fund sufficient to meet any pecuniary legacies,
so far as not provided for as aforesaid.
 3. Property of the deceased specifically appropriated or devised or bequeathed
(either by a specific or general description) for the payment of debts.
 4. Property of the deceased charged with, or devised or bequeathed (either by a
specific or general description) subject to a charge for the payment of debts.
 5. The fund, if any, retained to meet pecuniary legacies.
 6. Property specifically devised or bequeathed, rateably according to value.
 7. Property appointed by will under a general power, rateably according to
value.
 8. The following provisions shall also apply:
       (a) the order of application may be varied by the will of the deceased; and
       (b) this Schedule does not affect the liability of land to answer the death
           duty imposed thereon in exoneration of other assets.

                            THIRD SCHEDULE
                                                                  Sections 59 and 60

                              NAMES OF STATES

   Name of           Title of Treaty           Date of Treaty         Provision
    State
Estonia        Treaty of Commerce and         18 January 1926        Article 22
               Navigation between the
               United Kingdom and
               Estonia
Greece         Treaty of Commerce and           16 July 1926         Article 23
               Navigation between the
               United Kingdom and
               Greece



           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                        Probate and Administration
35                               Act 1934                              2020 Ed.

                      THIRD SCHEDULE — continued

Hungary        Treaty of Commerce and        23 July 1926        Article 14
               Navigation between the
               United Kingdom and
               Hungary
Japan          Treaty of Commerce and        3 April 1911         Article 5
               Navigation between the
               United Kingdom and
               Japan
Thailand       Treaty of Commerce and     23 November 1937       Article 19
               Navigation between the
               United Kingdom and
               Siam (Thailand)
Turkey         Treaty of Commerce and        1 March 1930        Article 28
               Navigation between the
               United Kingdom and
               Turkey
Yugoslavia     Treaty of Commerce and        12 May 1927         Article 24
               Navigation between the
               United Kingdom and the
               Kingdom of the Serbs,
               Croats and Slovenes




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                         LEGISLATIVE HISTORY
                  PROBATE AND ADMINISTRATION
                           ACT 1934
 This Legislative History is a service provided by the Law Revision Commission
on a best-efforts basis. It is not part of the Act.
 1. Ordinance 24 of 1934 — Probate and Administration Ordinance, 1934
     Bill                             :   G.N. No. 245/1934
     First Reading                    :   12 February 1934
     Second Reading                   :   16 April 1934
     Notice of Amendments             :   16 April 1934
     Third Reading                    :   28 May 1934
     Commencement                     :   1 January 1935
     Note: Previously in the Civil Procedure Code (Ordinance No. 102, 1926
           Revised Edition)

 2. 1936 Revised Edition — Probate and Administration Ordinance
                           (Chapter 51)
     Operation                        :   1 September 1936
 3. Ordinance 16 of 1936 — Probate and Administration (Amendment)
                           Ordinance, 1936
     Bill                             :   G.N. No. 2192/1936
     First Reading                    :   24 August 1936
     Second Reading                   :   26 October 1936
     Notice of Amendments             :   26 October 1936
     Third Reading                    :   26 October 1936
     Commencement                     :   10 November 1936
 4. Ordinance 17 of 1940 — Probate and Administration (Amendment)
                           Ordinance, 1940
     Bill                             :   G.N. No. 67/1940
     First Reading                    :   12 February 1940
     Second Reading                   :   22 April 1940
     Notice of Amendments             :   22 April 1940



            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                        ii
   Third Reading                    :        22 April 1940
   Commencement                     :        8 May 1940
5. Ordinance 43 of 1940 — Probate and Administration (Amendment No. 2)
                          Ordinance, 1940
   Bill                             :        G.N. No. 2797/1940
   First Reading                    :        26 August 1940
   Second and Third Readings        :        14 October 1940
   Commencement                     :        26 October 1940
6. Ordinance 28 of 1941 — Probate and Administration (Amendment)
                          Ordinance, 1941
   Bill                             :        G.N. No. 967/1941
   First Reading                    :        28 April 1941
   Second and Third Readings        :        9 June 1941
   Commencement                     :        25 June 1941
7. Ordinance 59 of 1940 — Probate and Administration (Amendment No. 3)
                          Ordinance, 1940
   Bill                             :        G.N. No. 3363/1940
   First Reading                    :        14 October 1940
   Second and Third Readings        :        6 November 1940
   Commencement                     :        1 July 1941
8. Ordinance 4 of 1948 — Probate and Administration (Amendment)
                         Ordinance, 1948
   Bill                             :        G.N. No. S 13/1948
   First and Second Readings        :        Information not available
   Third Reading                    :        29 January 1948
   Commencement                     :        7 February 1948
9. Ordinance 37 of 1952 — Law Revision (Penalties Amendment)
                          Ordinance, 1952
   (Amendments made by section 2 read with item 15 of the Schedule to the
   above Ordinance)
   Bill                             :        32/1952
   First Reading                    :        16 September 1952



          Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                          iii
     Second and Third Readings        :         14 October 1952
     Commencement                     :         30 April 1955 (section 2 read with
                                                item 15 of the Schedule)
10. 1955 Revised Edition — Probate and Administration Ordinance
                           (Chapter 17)
     Operation                        :         1 July 1956
11. G.N. No. S (N.S.) 179/1959 — Singapore Constitution (Modification of
                                 Laws) (No. 5) Order, 1959
     Commencement                     :         20 November 1959
12. Act 28 of 1965 — Probate and Administration (Amendment) Act, 1965
     Bill                             :         48/1965
     First Reading                    :         13 December 1965
     Second and Third Readings        :         31 December 1965
     Commencement                     :         28 January 1966
13. 1966 Reprint — Probate and Administration Ordinance (Chapter 17)
     Reprint                          :         9 February 1966
14. 1970 Revised Edition — Probate and Administration Act (Chapter 23)
     Operation                        :         1 March 1971
15. Act 7 of 1976 — Probate and Administration (Amendment) Act, 1976
     Bill                             :         3/1976
     First Reading                    :         1 March 1976
     Second and Third Readings        :         25 March 1976
     Commencement                     :         3 April 1976
16. Act 3 of 1987 — Statute Law Revision Act 1987
    (Amendments made by section 2 read with the First Schedule to the above
    Act)
     Bill                             :         28/1986
     First Reading                    :         9 December 1986
     Second and Third Readings        :         26 January 1987
     Commencement                     :         20 February 1987 (section 2 read with
                                                the First Schedule)




            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                          iv
17. 1985 Revised Edition — Probate and Administration Act (Chapter 251)
     Operation                        :        30 March 1987
18. Act 7 of 1997 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) Act 1997
    (Amendments made by section 4 and section 7 read with item (24) of the
    Second Schedule to the above Act)
     Bill                             :        6/1997
     First Reading                    :        11 July 1997
     Second and Third Readings        :        25 August 1997
     Commencement                     :        1 October 1997 (section 4 and
                                               section 7 read with item (24) of the
                                               Second Schedule)
19. Act 2 of 1999 — Probate and Administration (Amendment) Act 1999
     Bill                             :        48/1998
     First Reading                    :        23 November 1998
     Second and Third Readings        :        20 January 1999
     Commencement                     :        25 February 1999
20. 2000 Revised Edition — Probate and Administration Act (Chapter 251)
     Operation                        :        1 July 2000
21. Act 6 of 2004 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) Act 2004
    (Amendments made by section 8 of the above Act)
     Bill                             :        4/2004
     First Reading                    :        5 January 2004
     Second and Third Readings        :        6 February 2004
     Commencement                     :        8 March 2004 (section 8)
22. Act 42 of 2005 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) (No. 2) Act 2005
    (Amendments made by section 18 and section 5 read with item (28) of the
    First Schedule to the above Act)
     Bill                             :        30/2005
     First Reading                    :        17 October 2005
     Second and Third Readings        :        21 November 2005
     Commencement                     :        1 January 2006 (section 18 and
                                               section 5 read with item (28) of the
                                               First Schedule)


            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                          v
23. Act 11 of 2005 — Trust Companies Act 2005
    (Amendments made by section 84 read with item (5) of the Fifth Schedule to
    the above Act)
     Bill                             :       1/2005
     First Reading                    :       25 January 2005
     Second and Third Readings        :       18 February 2005
     Commencement                     :       1 February 2006 (section 84 read with
                                              item (5) of the Fifth Schedule)
24. Act 21 of 2008 — Mental Health (Care and Treatment) Act 2008
    (Amendments made by section 33 read with item 1(38) of the Second
    Schedule to the above Act)
     Bill                             :       11/2008
     First Reading                    :       21 July 2008
     Second and Third Readings        :       15 September 2008
     Commencement                     :       1 March 2010 (section 33 read with
                                              item 1(38) of the Second Schedule)
25. Act 5 of 2014 — Subordinate Courts (Amendment) Act 2014
    (Amendments made by section 11(9) read with item 18 of the Schedule to the
    above Act)
     Bill                             :       26/2013
     First Reading                    :       11 November 2013
     Second and Third Readings        :       21 January 2014
     Commencement                     :       7 March 2014 (section 11(9) read with
                                              item 18 of the Schedule)
26. Act 44 of 2014 — Public Trustee (Amendment) Act 2014
    (Amendments made by section 19(3) of the above Act)
     Bill                             :       34/2014
     First Reading                    :       7 October 2014
     Second and Third Readings        :       3 November 2014
     Commencement                     :       31 December 2014 (section 19(3))
27. Act 27 of 2014 — Family Justice Act 2014
    (Amendments made by section 69 of the above Act)
     Bill                             :       21/2014
     First Reading                    :       8 July 2014


            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                          vi
     Second Reading                   :        4 August 2014
     Notice of Amendments             :        4 August 2014
     Third Reading                    :        4 August 2014
     Commencement                     :        1 January 2015 (section 69)
28. Act 16 of 2016 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) Act 2016
    (Amendments made by section 31 of the above Act)
     Bill                             :        15/2016
     First Reading                    :        14 April 2016
     Second and Third Readings        :        9 May 2016
     Commencement                     :        10 June 2016 (section 31)
29. Act 40 of 2019 — Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 2019
    (Amendments made by section 28(1) read with item 125 of the Schedule to
    the above Act)
     Bill                             :        32/2019
     First Reading                    :        7 October 2019
     Second Reading                   :        5 November 2019
     Notice of Amendments             :        5 November 2019
     Third Reading                    :        5 November 2019
     Commencement                     :        2 January 2021 (section 28(1) read
                                               with item 125 of the Schedule)
30. 2020 Revised Edition — Probate and Administration
                           Act 1934
     Operation                        :        31 December 2021
31. Act 18 of 2023 — Family Justice Reform Act 2023
    (Amendments made by the above Act)
     Bill                             :        15/2023
     First Reading                    :        20 April 2023
     Second and Third Readings        :        8 May 2023
     Commencement                     :        15 October 2024 (Section 36)




            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                                      vii
                                 Abbreviations
.                   (updated on 29 August 2022)
G.N.                Gazette Notification
G.N. Sp.            Gazette Notification (Special Supplement)
L.A.                Legislative Assembly
L.N.                Legal Notification (Federal/Malaysian)
M.                  Malaya/Malaysia (including Federated Malay States,
                    Malayan Union, Federation of Malaya and Federation of
                    Malaysia)
Parl.               Parliament
S                   Subsidiary Legislation
S.I.                Statutory Instrument (United Kingdom)
S (N.S.)            Subsidiary Legislation (New Series)
S.S.G.G.            Straits Settlements Government Gazette
S.S.G.G. (E)        Straits Settlements Government Gazette (Extraordinary)




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
                          COMPARATIVE TABLE
                 PROBATE AND ADMINISTRATION
                          ACT 1934
 This Act has undergone renumbering in the 2020 Revised Edition. This
Comparative Table is provided to help readers locate the corresponding provisions
in the last Revised Edition.

               2020 Ed.                                2000 Ed.
—                                        35—(4) [Deleted by Act 27 of 2014]
62—(2)                                   62—(1A)
    (3)                                     (2)
    (4)                                     (3)
    (5)                                     (4)




          Informal Consolidation – version in force from 15/10/2024
